extracted data:
7
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt
The goal of this report is to show the acquired experience from my internship as a data scientist at QNB.First of
all I am going to give a short description about the company and and the business it serves then I will go
through the tasks I have been given there after that I will talk about my daily experience there and the skills and
new technical concepts I have learned and dealt with there.The main purpose of me joining this internship is
that I had a good prior knowledge in the field of Web development and Cyber security and I wanted to develop
this knowledge by contacting the job market in such a big multinational commercial bank.
Qatar National Bank (QNB Group) (Arabic:ﬂ‰»—ÿﬁÌ‰ÿÊ·«) is a Qatari multinational commercial bank
headquartered in Doha, Qatar. It was founded in 1964 and currently has subsidiaries and associates in 31
countries spanning three continents. The bank's ownership is evenly divided between the Qatar Investment
Authority and members of the public.QNB was founded on 6 June 1964 as the country's first domestically-
owned commercial bank. It had 35 employees in its first year and was initially headquartered in a government-
owned building in Qatar's capital city, Doha. The two currencies in circulation at the time were the Indian rupee
and British pound. As Qatar's population continued increasing through the century, QNB started establishing
branches in other parts of the country
During the first days there I was asked to go through some tutorials in order to get some knowledge in .net
technology after that I started implementing a web app that helps in showing all the employees and assigning
tasks to them and helps in communication between the admins and managers and the employees.This task was
implemented using .net webforms and c# after that I have gone through another technology which is .net mvc
also beside my time in the development department.I spent some days in the cyber security department.
I have gained many good skills during my the time I spent there.I have developed my technical skills specially
in the web development. Also I have developed my skills in problem solving.The main skill I learned was how
to understand the business of the company and the main aim of the project I am working on in order to use my
technical skills to have the best results I can get.
To conclude , I've loved every minute of my internship, especially how kind and helpful the workplace was and
how much everyone appreciated going to work.I have enjoyed working with my teammates and learnt how to
work in a team and how should be the work flow. This internship taught me that choosing a job after graduation
will require careful thought, therefore I urge you to do the same. Even if it may appear that the market has been
taken over by competitive enterprises, QNB shows that there is still room for rivalry in the extremely exciting
field of Software development.

response result:
The report mentions the following tasks performed during the internship:

- Going through tutorials to learn .net technology
- Implementing a web app to manage employees and tasks using .net webforms and c#
- Spending time in the cyber security department
- Developing technical skills in web development
- Developing problem-solving skills
- Understanding the business of the company and the project's objectives
- Working with teammates and learning how to work in a team
- Observing the work flow and learning its importance
- Gaining an understanding of the job market and the importance of making careful decisions after graduation.