extracted data:
Machine Learning Researcher
Ulm University
This report will cover all of the details of my internship including tasks and the tools used. It will
also highlight the importance of my role in the workplace and all of the skills I honed during my
period there. There will be an introduction about the university I was working in, in addition to a
brief overview of the department's objectives that will be shared which are basically their
research goals and mission towards the society. The report will also discuss what new areas of
computer science I explored and learned about more during my internship phase in Germany.
Ulm University was founded in 1967 as the youngest university in Baden-Wuerttemberg and has
kept evolving dynamically ever since. An attractive and future-oriented course catalog,
high-quality academic education,international diversity, interdisciplinarity and cutting-edge
innovative research have become the trademarks. At the Institute of Neuroinformatics the
research techniques range from theoretical analyses, computer simulations, experiments with
neuromorphic hardware and robots, neural and behavioral data analyses of natural learning
systems, and learning studies with actual people in virtual environments. The purpose of this
research is to increase our understanding of both biological and artificial intelligence, as well as
to explore the use of biological information processing principles to advance technology
applications.
The tasks I performed started from researching machine learning, data engineering, ensemble
learning and different neural networks techniques and the different uses of each technique. After
that I started experimenting on different datasets and then compare what is the best approach in
each case. I did multiple experiments each one with different parameters and  I achieved near
state of the art results during my work. Then I started working on writing my paper to publish it
in the Africon AI contest. All of this was of course achieved with the collaboration of my
colleagues in the department and the wise supervision of my professor Friedhelm Schwenker.
I benefited greatly from this internship. It really did exceed my expectations in a way I did not
imagine before the internship. I learned a lot about data cleaning using different libraries. I used
kaggle and google colab most of the time to develop, run and test my experiments. Currently I
am very passionate about machine learning and data engineering, this internship has really
cultivated my love for this field. I imagine myself working as a data scientist in the future
helping my company make the best decisions to grow their customer base. I am really happy that
I am taking a data engineering course right now in my ninth semester because I feel it correlates
heavily with my work in the internship field and it helps me to develop my knowledge in the
field I am passionate about.
To conclude, my experience was very fruitful, and I learned about the industry in great detail. I
am familiar right now with the technical terms used in the industry, moreover I know the position
ladder quite well and I know which are the leading companies in the field of neural networks. I
also know the growing areas of research and who are the pioneers in the field to always follow
and keep them on your radar. I believe this internship easily kickstarted my career in a very
interesting and competitive field, and for that I am very grateful for the University of Ulm and
the Institute of Neuroinformatics and of course professor Schwenker.

response result:
The performed tasks for this report are as follows:

- Researching machine learning, data engineering, ensemble learning, and different neural network techniques
- Experimenting with different datasets and comparing the best approach for each case
- Conducting multiple experiments with different parameters
- Achieving near state-of-the-art results
- Writing a paper to be published in the Africon AI contest 
- Collaborating with colleagues in the department 
- Receiving supervision from Professor Friedhelm Schwenker 
- Learning about data cleaning using different libraries 
- Using Kaggle and Google Colab for development, running, and testing of experiments 
- Developing passion for machine learning and data engineering 
- Taking a data engineering course 
- Gaining familiarity with industry technical terms and the position ladder 
- Knowing leading companies in the field of neural networks 
- Being aware of growing areas of research and pioneers in the field