extracted data:
The main purpose of this report is to discuss what I have done during the internship duration 
which was 1 month. Banque Misr was a way for me to enhance my technical knowledge and 
skills in web development and the banking sector as this was always a field that I was trying to 
discover until I got accepted into this internship. The internship teams were divided into 6 teams 
frontend, backend, quality assurance, android development, IOS development, and project 
management. Through this report, I will briefly discuss the organization description, the tasks 
that I was assigned, the evaluation of the internship, and a brief summary of the report in the 
conclusion. 
Banque Misr as we all know is a governmental bank founded by Talat Harb in 1920. It was one 
of the first banks in Egypt to be established in addition to offering online banking as a service for 
its clients. Banque Misr established a new place called the digital transformation office which is 
responsible for tech solutions and application development located in the fifth settlement also it 
was one of the first banks to offer loans online by submitting some papers online you can receive 
your loan after 3 working days which is not available anywhere else except in bank Misr. 
I joined Banque Misr Digitory summer internship as a back-end intern as a knew some aspects of 
the Back End but never had the chance to apply them practically. The tasks for the internship 
were learning how to use object-oriented programming and the pros of Spring Boot which is a 
framework for Java for back-end development every day and having an assignment related to the 
topic we cover every day such as sorting, using solid principles solving some questions, using 
some design patterns, using hibernate, create a database using Postgres using Java, using 
hibernate and queries from eclipse to retrieve/add data from the database, learning about the java 
web tokens and security. Then at the end of the internship, we were split into teams each team 
consists of 2 back-end interns, 1 front-end, 1 android developer, and 1 IOS developer. The team 
should work together in order to present a final shopping application project using the 
application programming interfaces that we create as a backend to be integrated with IOS, 
android, and frontend. 
There are many skills I learned in the internship some are technical and some or not, firstly the 
technical how to create APIs to be used by the other developers, how web development is used in 
the banking sector, and the integration between the banking sector aspect and the web 
development aspect. The non-technical was learning how to deal with the upper manager, self-
learning, and hardworking. The internship met my expectations as it gave me technical 
knowledge about what backend engineers do, the web development sector, and the environment 
of working in a company using agile methods. Mainly every programming course I learned was 
helpful during the internship specifically data structures in CSEN 301 and object-oriented 
programming in CSEN 401.                                              
In conclusion, I believe that this internship enhanced my technical skills by allowing me to learn 
more about back-end development and how to deal with other teammates using agile methods, 
Also learned more about the banking websites, the most important thing I learned during the 
internship is dealing with teammates in the project matters for the integration using the agile 
methods which was the first real chance to communicate with the other departments such as the 
IOS, Front-end, and Android teams. Applying these methods after studying them in the software 
course that we learned in the 3rd year was crucial and we used them a lot during the internship. 
 
Reference: Banquemisr - Home page 
 
 
 
 

response result:
The tasks performed during the internship at Banque Misr include:

1. Learning how to use object-oriented programming and the pros of Spring Boot for back-end development every day.
2. Completing daily assignments related to the topics covered, such as sorting, using SOLID principles, solving questions, using design patterns, and using Hibernate.
3. Creating a database using Postgres and Java, and using Hibernate and queries from Eclipse to retrieve/add data from the database.
4. Learning about Java web tokens and security.
5. Being split into teams at the end of the internship, where each team consisted of 2 back-end interns, 1 front-end developer, 1 Android developer, and 1 iOS developer.
6. Working together with the team to develop a final shopping application project, using the APIs created as the back-end and integrating it with the front-end, iOS, and Android.

Overall, the tasks focused on enhancing technical skills in back-end development, learning about the banking sector and web development integration, and working effectively in a team using agile methods.