extracted data:
Part III. - Internship Report 
Internship Title: Backend Developer Intern 
Company / Organization Name: Tanmeyah Microenterprise Services 
                       Over the summer vacation, I have been an intern at Tanmeyah for Microenterprise 
Services which is a leading company in providing a wide range of microfinance solutions in Egypt. 
Since 2009, the company has gained rapid growth to become one of the leading entities in financing 
low-income generating projects thus provide opportunities for ambitious and hardworking lower-
income business owners; consequently, contribute to the economic growth. The company has 
recently acquired B2B e-commerce marketplace Fatura which helped in the digital transformation 
of the company and gave me even a bigger chance to explore the Fintech field as it is vastly 
growing and have huge potential benefits for all businesses. Throughout the four weeks, I had the 
opportunity to witness the working conditions of working in a company and as a part of a team, in 
addition to understanding the process of Microenterprise loans. 
                       My first day was an overview tour through the company’s different departments to 
grasp the concept of how every department collaborate with others to provide output to the 
company, moreover I was introduced to my supervisor and to the head of the Technology 
department. The company had flexible working hours of 8 hours per day that you should arrive at 
the company from 8 Am and maximum by 10 Am, so usually my typical working hours were from 
9 Am to 5 Pm. Every week, I was introduced to a different topic of Backend development that the 
developers apply in the company's core banking system and I was assigned tasks accordingly. 
                       In my opinion, the first week was the hardest as I was introduced to a new framework 
(Java Spring Boot) which I have no experience with however, luckily I had perfect knowledge of 
Java in general as it is the main programming language that we use in the GUC; therefore, this 
helped me with learning the most of the things about the framework extremely fast as our 
supervisor provided us with online courses access and material for Spring Boot. After that, my team 
and I were introduced to the project that we were going to work on throughout our internship period 
which was a core banking system similar to the actual system the company is working with, but on 
a smaller scale yet concluded all stages of providing microenterprise loans from entering the 
customers data up to confirming the loan and creating a loan schedule. There were several tasks that 
we had to finish every week and then report to our supervisor, the first task was creating a RESTful 
API using Spring Boot that serves the client side by connecting it to a PostgreSQL database server 
using JPA and then do a presentation and test the API using Postman. Moreover, another task was to 
implement authentication using JWT and authorization to protect the API from any forbidden 
access from a different role, in addition to validating all data entries to avoid any false information 
stored in the database. Furthermore, I had to learn more about Github to collaborate professionally 
with my team to fulfill the tasks assigned to us by our supervisor. 
                       I gained various skills throughout the internship period as it was my first work field 
experience for instance, it boosted my communication skills and the most crucial skill that I have 
gained in my point of view is networking as I created a lot of connections which would provide a 
great help in my future career. The internship really did meet my expectations as I had the chance to 
use my problem-solving skills a lot in any issues that faced me also, I proved to myself that I can 
work under pressure as I was exposed to a lot of new information and then I had to progress with 
these new information to conduct tasks right away. Even though the Fintech field is extremely 
beneficial and bright, I want to explore different fields in my next internships such as data science 
and cyber security, but I would sure love to pursue a career in the Fintech field. The internship was 
correlated to my studies as it required good database knowledge so, Database courses (I and II) 
provided a great help. Moreover, web development knowledge was required too so, Introduction to 
networks course was related as I already knew the different HTTP protocols. 
To conclude, the internship was a great success in my opinion as it gave me the opportunity to 
widen my knowledge in the Backend development, also the friendly environment of the company to 
network with different people and connect with them and they were extremely supportive and 
encouraging. The feedback on the project I got from my supervisor and other Technology 
department co-workers boosted my self confidence also showed that I have great potential and that I 
have a huge chance to be successful in the Backend development field. Given the great success of 
the company, but surely the company will grow even more after completing its digital 
transformation as it will facilitate a lot of the processes of microenterprise loans. Overall, I was very 
satisfied with the internship and I would definitely recommend it to other colleagues.

response result:
The performed tasks for this internship report include:

- Creating a RESTful API using Spring Boot
- Connecting the API to a PostgreSQL database server using JPA
- Testing the API using Postman
- Implementing authentication using JWT
- Implementing authorization to protect the API from forbidden access
- Validating all data entries to avoid false information in the database
- Collaborating with the team using Github
- Gaining communication skills
- Networking and creating connections
- Problem-solving skills
- Working under pressure
- Database knowledge
- Web development knowledge
- Receiving feedback on the project
- Contributing to the company's digital transformation process
- Overall satisfaction with the internship experience.