extracted data:
New Plan Developments 
I have spent a 12 week training program in New Plan developments shareholding company. 
There first real state projects in Egypt stand out as executive destinations including Serrano, 
Atika, and Eleven. There mission is to provide outstanding service and expertise in the real estate 
market and innovative living solutions to satisfy client needs. The company is located in 5th 
Settlement, New Cairo. 
Through the 12 weeks I have learned a lot in this company through Mr. Mohamed my supervisor 
or through my team mates. First four weeks my given task was watching tutorials and learning 
more about HTML, PHP and react, my knowledge in HTML was basic in which I needed the 
tutorials they gave me to watch to learn more and be able to develop their website, also my react 
knowledge was good but after learning more about them I became so good with react and 
HTML. The next 8 weeks I was given a task every week which was needed to be done and 
submitted through the same week. We used to work on Visual studio Code. Mr. Mohamed 
always gave me feedback and evaluation about my work and he helped me to develop a lot and 
enhance my skills in the website development. 
 
I gained so many skills throughout this 12 week program personally and technically. I learned a 
lot from my teammates who were so helpful and they were always there when I feel lost and 
need help. I also learned to work in a team with my team mates. I gained life skills like working 
under stress that I need to finish that task before the due date and it must be handled so good for 
a good work quality. I also developed my technical skills as I mentioned above in react and 
HTML which I already took through out the ACL and networks courses which I took in 
semesters 7 and 5 respectively. The training program met my expectations perfectly because I 
am always dreaming to work in the website development field and I gained and enhanced a lot of 
skills related to this field which will help me a lot in the future. 
In conclusion this internship was very useful experience and I have learnt a lot through out it all 
whether in life skills or technical skills which I believe will help me so much in my future career. 
It was a very good experience too in learning more and seeing how the working field and how 
real world careers work. I am totally satisfied with this internship and I will totally recommend 
New Plan Developments to all my colleges.  
 

response result:
The performed tasks in this report include:
- Watching tutorials and learning about HTML, PHP, and React
- Developing a website using HTML and React
- Completing a task every week and submitting it
- Receiving feedback and evaluation from Mr. Mohamed
- Gaining skills in working under stress and meeting deadlines
- Enhancing technical skills in website development
- Learning from teammates and working in a team
- Gaining life skills and technical skills related to the website development field
- Overall satisfaction with the internship experience.