extracted data:
During the summer I had my internship in Sana Soft company that offers a wide range of 
services and solutions in computer systems hardware and computer systems. SANA 
Technology, founded in 2002, is a leading Systems Integrator with a proven record of 
accomplishments and successful customers. Its mission is to provide the customers with the 
latest technology solutions that allows them grow their business, increase productivity, and 
focus on innovation while we manage their systems integration. SANA Technology 
specializes in bringing together your component subsystems into a whole and ensuring that 
those subsystems function together.  
I worked during the summer full time, 5 days a week, 8 hours per day and although this 
consumed a lot of energy, but at the end I enjoyed it to the max as I learned a lot of things. 
My work was mainly software in app development and i avoided most hardware tasks. I 
worked with my colleagues in the internship in like a demo website and app for the company. 
At the beginning i got a brief review on python and java but my main work was with java and 
I needed a bit sql to deal with the databases.  
The staff was really friendly with me and tried to help me in every possible way. They knew 
that this was my first internship so they showed support and made me feel comfortable and 
explained to me anything that was new to me. Off course somethings I had to self learn but 
this wasn’t a problem because at the end i don’t have to be spoon fed everything.  
I learned a lot from this internship both academically and personally. Academically I learned 
what an actual job in a company will look like and how things work and not just sitting at 
home doing projects like in school or even university. I also learned to do research to 
understand anything that is new to me instead of just taking the easy way and asking my 
friend or the TA. Personally I met new people that some of them are now my friends. They 
taught me to motivate people that are shy and make them feel home like they did to me. I’am 
now excited to finish university and work as the working environment can be fun.  
I worked with engineer Mohamed Talaat who was really friendly with me and treated my like 
a family member not an employee, but he didn’t allow me to share any of the information 
related to the company or tasks as this is related to the security of the company as he stated, 
but he told me that anyone who need further information about my internship could contact 
him and he will tell them all what they need.  
Company Link: shttps://sanasofteg.com/ 

response result:
Performed tasks:
- Full-time internship for the summer
- Worked 5 days a week, 8 hours per day
- Mainly focused on software development and app development
- Worked on a demo website and app for the company
- Initial review on Python and Java, but mainly worked with Java
- Required some knowledge of SQL for dealing with databases
- Received support and guidance from friendly staff
- Learned about the working environment in a company
- Developed research skills to understand new concepts
- Met new people and made friends
- Worked with engineer Mohamed Talaat
- Not allowed to share company information or tasks for security reasons
- Contact information for further information about the internship: engineer Mohamed Talaat