extracted data:
CamScanner
CamScanner
CamScanner
CamScanner
CamScanner
Internship Student Report 
This report aims to clarify my journey through this internship and what I have gained 
during this period of time I have spent in this program and whether I was satisfied or not and 
whether the outcome have met my desired technical and non-technical expectations or not. The 
main reason behind choosing Banque-Misr Digital Factory specifically was due to their 
optimistic vision and their well-known reputation. On the other hand, the main reason behind me 
choosing to spend my internship in the Back-End field was due to my previous interest in the 
Back-End field. This report will cover a description about Banque-Misr Digital Factory, the 
performed tasks, internship evaluation and finally a conclusion. 
 
Banque-Misr is one of the most well-known banks in the Middle East. The bank is always 
seeking to be in the top list of the leading banks in the business area, therefore they have recently 
established their Digital Factory in order to keep updated with the latest technologies and to allow 
the digital transformation of their branches. The Digital Factory stands as their current premise 
that fosters experienced professionals to work together, stipulating the importance of how Banque-
Misr prioritizes its client’s financial wellbeing as the corner stone of our practice. Apart from this, 
working in the digital factory was really fun as it was designed to be a modern comfy building 
unlike all other traditional institutions. 
  
During this internship I have learned many useful outcomes, even more than was expected. 
This internship was provided by Banque-Misr with collaboration with NTG-Clarity. The 
Internship Objectives were as follows, first understanding Basic concepts of software development 
with Java, then moving to getting experienced on how to use basic and advanced features of 
Spring Boot. Then hands-on training on different problems with levels of difficulties. Then bein g 
able to develop a complete end-to-end application. And finally developing skills to acquire 
knowledge of advanced topics that are not touch in the training course. In addition to our final 
project. 
 
During the internship program I have gained many skills, technical and non-technical. 
From the non-technical skill I have gained more communication and team-work skills as it was 
mandatory in order to communicate with our fellow colleagues who from different departments 
such as front-end and IOS in order to come out with the final product. As for the technical skills I 
have learned many important aspects about the backend area such as connecting to the database 
and creating APIs and authentication. This internship have met my expectations as at the end of 
the program was fully able to create a complete backed project alone. So basically this outcome 
will push me forward to many other opportunities in the future. As learning how to develop a 
backend application was related to my studies as a software engineer. One of the most similar 
courses to this internship was the CSEN 503 – Introduction to Communication Networks. 
 
In conclusion, this internship have met my expected outcome, I have learned many aspects 
about the backend development, I have gained many skills such as team-work and communication 
skills, and I have experienced working in a completely different environment than other traditional 
institutions. At the end of the internship I would say that working in Banque-Misr Digital Factory 
and learning about Backend was a good experience. 

response result:
The performed tasks during the internship at Banque-Misr Digital Factory were not explicitly stated in the report.