extracted data:
Internship Report
This report shows and includes all activities and duties done in my summer internship at
Valeo as a software engineer intern specifically in (THS) Thermal and Heat System department.
My internship duration was from 5th of September 2021 to 11th of November 2021. The main
purpose of this report is to deliver some info about the company, what are the departments
included in it, and what kind of projects I am working on during my internship at Valeo. I had a
defined plan and passion to know about all the technologies that could be used in all domains
such as embedded systems, electronics, networks, software applications, etc. and to see how I
could apply what I’ve learnt on my own and in the GUC (MET). However, in order to get
exposure in all domains, I have chosen to join valeo in summer of 2021 to learn and seek more
about embedded systems and how a software engineer works in such a corporate environment.
Valeo is an automotive supplier and partner to automakers worldwide.They provide
cutting-edge solutions for smart mobility as a technology firm, with an emphasis on CO2
emissions reduction and intuitive driving in particular. Valeo concerns about 4 main technical
areas, which are efficiency of internal combustion and energy, which concerns with thermal
management, Air intake module, and e-supercharger, electrification, which concerns with
energy management, inverters, and chargers, downspeeding and automation, which focuses on
torque converter and dual clutch transmission, Efficiency of Auxiliary systems, which concern
with LED, wiper systems, and HVAC (Heating and Ventilation and air conditioning). For me I
have worked on 2 projects in 2 different areas which are efficiency of internal combustion and
energy and Efficiency of Auxiliary systems.
The 2 projects ,that I have mentioned their technical areas, were under the supervision of
the tooling team in THS department. What the tooling team does is create software tools and
utilities that could be used by other teams in the department to facilitate processes and testing.
The first project was concerned with a sensor that is used for control and diagnostics of emission
systems utilizing diesel particulate filters (DPF) and it’s called PM sensor (particulate matter
sensor). I was prompted to add a new feature to ensure the calculation of multiple sensors instead
of one and to be done in a timeline with a delay in microseconds and display it in desktop
application. In order to execute and to make a progress to implement this feature I have to know
how I will communicate with the sensor using the LIN (local interconnect network) protocol and
read the documentation of a library that is called BabyLIN (that was used to ensure that I can
communicate with the sensor chip).
The second project, which concerns HVAC (Heating, Ventilation , and Air Conditioning),
focuses on implementing a new tool which concerns calculating new values added in HVAC but
in an external application.
The skills that I have gained through this internship are how to design a system and put
system requirements that a client has described to me in order to implement such features in the
right way. Furthermore, I have learnt a lot about embedded systems and how I could implement a
lot of features and projects in a systematic way (for example I have gone through the projects
using V cycle methodology to meet deadlines and troubleshooting issues). Valeo internship was
an exceptional internship as I have not learnt a lot of knowledge about all these technologies
from day zero till the last day. I think this internship will affect my career as it made me know
more about how a corporate company deals with mega projects and it gives me a great exposure
of the domain of embedded systems which can help me one day in other rival companies.
Moreover, I have learnt additional material on top of what I have learnt in the GUC (MET)
which was focused on OOP (CSEN401) and DSD and also DLD.
In conclusion, my experience at valeo was very crucial in my career and I know one day I
will thank all my colleagues that I have met there at valeo to let me know how things work there
and how I can deal with their projects. I have gone through  2 projects that could be a golden step
in my computer engineering knowledge and also a nice gain to know more about embedded
systems and their protocols from professionals and engineers. I have gained a great skill of how
to operate meetings and conduct them in a professional way and to handle all the points that have
been discussed, especially if this meeting is with a client.
TOP SERVICE 
Human Resources Consultant 
Cairo in March 06, 2022 
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN 
Experience Certificate 
This is to certify that Mr. Aly Hassan Abdelrahman Hassan Abdelmaguid Elsokkary 
has joined Top Service Company under a project term contract with Valeo Egypt 
since September 2021 till November 2021. 
He completed his internship in Valeo Egypt from September 2021 to November 
2021. 
Aly is a sincere, honest, hardworking, dedicated employee with a 
professional attitude and very respectable job knowledge. 
Aly has always rendered his services with the highest degree of responsibility 
and Professionalism and we wish Aly all the best in his future endeavors. 
This certificate was given to him at his request without any liability on the company 
Yours sincerely, respect, 
General Manager 
Ashraf Nofal 
Commercial Register: 414387 
Tax Card: 5-571-530-01-24 
)hr8 8e 
Ts 
hraft !of 
Chairmwe 
199 St., Building 3A, Degla - Maadi,Cairo - Egypt 
E-mail : info@top-egypt.com 
Web : top-egypt.com 
Tel : +202 225198945 - 27545948 - 27545936 - 27545937 
Fax: +202 25198765 
Mob: +2 01066603830-01050484443 

response result:
The performed tasks during the internship at Valeo as a software engineer intern in the THS (Thermal and Heat System) department included:

1. Working on a project related to a sensor for control and diagnostics of emission systems utilizing diesel particulate filters (DPF) called PM sensor. The task was to add a new feature to ensure the calculation of multiple sensors instead of one and display it in a desktop application.

2. Communicating with the sensor using the LIN (Local Interconnect Network) protocol and using the BabyLIN library for communication with the sensor chip.

3. Implementing a new tool in the HVAC (Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning) project that involved calculating new values added to the HVAC system in an external application.

4. Designing a system and implementing system requirements based on client descriptions.

5. Implementing projects using the V cycle methodology to meet deadlines and troubleshoot issues.

6. Gaining knowledge about embedded systems and their protocols.

7. Learning additional material on top of what was learned in the GUC (MET) related to Object-Oriented Programming (CSEN401), Digital System Design (DSD), and Digital Logic Design (DLD).

Overall, the internship provided exposure to corporate project management, embedded systems, and various technologies. It enhanced the skills of system design, implementation, and communication.