extracted data:
CamScanner
CamScanner
CamScanner
CamScanner
CamScanner
Internship Report 
 
Internship Title: Web development intern  
Company / Organization Name: TEA Computers  
 
In this report I will be going over the structure and flow of the internship I attended at TEA Computers as 
a Web development intern; the education I procured, my role and my work. First of all, I will go into 
details about the information I learnt and how it relates to the Education I gained at the University. 
Following that, I will depict my personal role in TEA Computers as well as my role as part of a Team and 
part of a Company. Finally, I will define and go into details about all the tasks I performed and all the 
work I did for the company.  
 
TEA Computers is a pioneering Egyptian full service information technology company founded in 1974 
and member of a group of companies with 2000+ staff members and 12 branches in Middle East , Gulf 
Africa and Europe. With more than four decades of experience, growth and distinction TEA Computers 
has over 2,500 installed sites and has undertaken and successfully delivered numerous projects in Egypt 
and elsewhere in the Arab World. The range and variety of these projects reflect the company's ability 
to handle diversified and multi-functional projects. TEA Computers has been involved in 2 landmarks 
projects in Egypt. Progressing in its plan to register all Egyptian Citizens across the country; The Ministry 
of Interior (MOI) - Criminal Evidence Investigation Department (CEID) has assigned TEA Computers to 
upgrade its NEC Automated Fingerprint Identification System (AFIS) to accommodate 100 million 
Fingerprints while maintaining the same search performance achieved in Phase1 awarded back in 2017 
(30 million Fingerprints). In 2014 Bibliotheca Alexandrina embarked on an ambitious project, with 
computer technology provided by TEA Computers via its partner Artec 3D to build the Bibliotheca 
Alexandrina Virtual Museum (BVM). Today the BVM enables visitors and researchers to take a virtual 
self-guided tour of the Bibliotheca Antiquities Museum, home of more than 1200 artifacts that reflect 
the rich, multi-cultural history of Egypt with its Pharaonic, Greco-Roman, Coptic, and Islamic heritage.  
 
My internship at TEA Computers was mostly remote. At the start of every week, my mentor would send 
me the calendar for that week. Every day would start with a 1-1 meeting with my supervisor where we 
discussed my progress and elaborated on any questions I had. My working hours were 9-5. My time as a 
Web development intern at TEA Computers was divided into phases; Phase one mainly focused on the 
educational aspect. It was a course in Hyper Text Markup Language (HTML) language, Cascading Style 
Sheets (CSS) and JavaScript programming language. In this course I learned to build an interactive 
website from a blank page. First, I learned about the building blocks of any website - the foundations of 
HTML. Next, I discovered how to use Cascading Style Sheets to change the look and layout of a website. 
Finally, I learned the basics of computer programming and how to use JavaScript to add interactivity to 
my site. Phase two was a course in React that helped me building user interfaces based on UI 
components. Finally phase three was a course in jQuery and C# which was focused on the Backend part 
of a website.  
 
I believe this internship was a fruitful learning experience that helped me gain a multitude of skills that 
would help me in my future career as a Software Engineer. Firstly, I learnt how to use HTML to define 
the meaning and structure of a website. As well as CSS for appearance and presentation of a web page. 
Also, JavaScript and React for functionality, behavior and user interface of a website. And finally, C# and 
jQuery for the backend part of a website. I think this internship was an eye-opening experience for me 
and I truly believe Web development could be the right career path for me. I was pleasantly surprised 
how the Introduction to Communication Networks course I took in my fifth semester unknowingly 
prepared me, by the project that we had in this course that gave me the basics of these languages, for 
this internship. I would without a doubt recommend this company to my fellow students as it values 
people growing and learning above all.  
 
In conclusion, I would like to say that the time I spent as a web development intern at TEA Computers 
was a great learning experience in my study field of Media Engineering and Technology (MET). It 
expanded my horizons on the many sectors that Tech students such as myself could work in. Websites is 
a sector that is wildly growing and nonetheless fun to work in. I think that learning about HTML and 
JavaScript was also very helpful in my career in general if I were to ever work in web developments . It 
also helped me with my research skills, time management, problem solving and coming up with creative 
solutions and ideas. 

response result:
The tasks performed by the intern at TEA Computers as a Web development intern were:

1. Attending a course in Hyper Text Markup Language (HTML) language, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), and JavaScript programming language to learn how to build an interactive website from scratch.
2. Using Cascading Style Sheets to change the look and layout of a website.
3. Learning the basics of computer programming and using JavaScript to add interactivity to a website.
4. Attending a course in React to build user interfaces based on UI components.
5. Attending a course in jQuery and C# focused on the backend part of a website.

Overall, the intern gained experience and skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, jQuery, and C# during their internship at TEA Computers.