extracted data:
Internship Report 
Banque Misr was established in 1920 by the pioneer economist Mohamed Talaat Harb Pasha, 
who came up with the concept of investing national saving and directing them towards 
economic and social development and thus Banque Misr became the first bank to be wholly 
owned by Egyptians. Since 1920, Banque Misr has been concerned with the establishment of 
companies in various fields, including spinning and weaving, insurance, transportation, 
aviation and cinema, and has continued to support all its activities at a steady rate, Banque 
Misr currently owns equity in 163 projects including financial, industrial, tourism, housing, 
Agri and food, general service, in addition to projects in the field of communication and 
information. 
Website: https://www.banquemisr.com/ 
In this internship we were assigned to think and create a ui/ux mockup  for a way to improve 
credit card usage in the bank. We were assigned to research about the problem in the bank 
and also in other competitors banks and to come up with a solution to fix this problem. We 
worked 5 days per week, 8 hours per day. In our working day we usually go to the main 
office in 70s street and it started with a small workshop explaining our tasks this almost takes 
an hour. Then the rest of the day we start on working on our tasks. Mainly all of the were in 
the office but some were required for us to go the branch and interview some customers and 
employers. We used Canva, adobe xd, adobe illustrator, and adobe InDesign to create a 
mockup for our solution. We did customer research where we went to some branches and 
interviewed the customers and ask the about their credit card usage and what they would like 
to improve in the credit card so that they could use it more often. We also did research about 
other banks globally and national to see how their credit card works and their benefits. We 
made an AS-IS journey of creating a credit card and the insights of the interviews.  
Here is a link with all the files stated up, also with the final presentation slides that we did in 
the company: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WlYW9kkP-
xDeYP1n7OkQFrgrN4WzlP9q?usp=sharing 
 
I have learned the skill to do the right way of market research and customer research. I also 
learned about banking and the right way to do a business presentation as we presented our 
idea Infront of the managers of the branch. I also gained ui/ux skills while creating the 
mockup, pictures of the mockup is available in the drive link that I attached in the 
presentation. Yes, it did meet my expectations because I learned some valuable skills and I 
also experienced that agile work methodology in the bank. Before this internship I never 
thought about a career in product management but after working in this field it enlightened 
my vision to more working opportunity as in the future I would like to work and learn more 
about this field. The English courses and the software engineering courses where the most 
related to what I worked in this internship. For example, in the software engineering course 
we came up with user requirements and did research about similar websites for our website 
and create a mockup for it, this is exactly what I did in this internship. Yes, I would 
recommend bank Misr to other GUC students, as they will like the work experience there and 
will gain a lot from it. Also, because the employers there are really helpful and friendly and I 
learned a lot from them. 
In conclusion, during this internship I learned valuable skills and learned more about different 
fields and working opportunities that I did not know about before. I also spoke to a lot of 
employers to help me guide my way in my career and to know which skills I should learn to 
have a successful career. I learned more about the product management field and how to 
create a good ui ux experience for the user where they wont face any problems using it. After 
the internship I had the passion to learn more about this field as I continued in researching 
about it and learning new skills.  
 
 
 
 
 

response result:
The performed tasks for this report are as follows:

- Developed a UI/UX mockup to improve credit card usage in Banque Misr
- Conducted research on the problem in Banque Misr and other competitor banks
- Created a solution to fix the problem
- Worked 5 days per week, 8 hours per day
- Attended a workshop explaining tasks at the start of each day
- Used Canva, Adobe XD, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe InDesign to create the mockup
- Conducted customer research by interviewing customers at branches
- Researched credit card systems and benefits in other banks
- Created an AS-IS journey of creating a credit card and insights from interviews
- Presented the final solution to branch managers
- Learned market research and customer research skills
- Gained knowledge about banking and business presentation skills
- Developed UI/UX skills while creating the mockup
- Met expectations and provided valuable learning experiences
- Discovered a potential interest in product management
- Related coursework in English and software engineering to the internship
- Would recommend Banque Misr to other students
- Learned about different fields and working opportunities
- Sought guidance from employers for a successful career
- Passionately continued researching and learning after the internship.