extracted data:
Having an internship on the GUC campus in such a hard-working cluster appealed to be a
great option, and it was. My main objective of joining that specific project in the GUC is that I
have wanted to get practical (using hardware), and that the GUC would help supply it for us to
have the great experience using them. The autonomous Bike has a lot of future work that we will
still work on, so by joining that internship and being introduced to the architecture of building it
gave me enough knowledge to be able to continue in the research cluster.
The German University in Cairo, is a private educational non-profit institute founded in
2002 cooperating with the State Universities of Ulm and Stuttgart. The GUC is keen on the
learning process for the students, it also allows the students to have a double degree program by
studying at least three semesters in the German International University campus in berlin. The
cluster that I joined in the GUC is under the supervision of Professor Hassan Soubra in the
Media Engineering Technology Major in the Engineering department. The goal of the research
cluster is to make an autonomous bike that can be used and can deal with the real world.
My task was to build and run a resizable neural network on the Nividia jetson nano
computer used to work the system of the bike. The jeston nano is a microcomputer that is added
on the bike to compute the data and allow the bike to move autonomously. The built neural
network is used to classify objects detected by the camera mounted on the bike which is
connected to the nividia jetson nano computer. It is an important implementation since
classifying detected objects would help in the decisions taken by the bike.
The most important skill that I have gained was dealing with Ubunto and using the
terminal to communicate with the operating system. Then comes the building of the neural
networks. I learnt that neural networks are reliable to be built and used on autonomous bike
hardware. The internship went beyond my expectations. The team was very helpful and willing
to help, also I have learned more than I expected I would have. I have been wishing to be able to
work in the autonomous vehicles field and I think that this internship will help me achieve what I
have been wishing for since I am more familiar with the systems implemented. By taking that
internship I was able to understand how neural networks are implemented and how to run them
on a nividia jetson nano computer. The internship is related to a growing field which is smart
systems, which is highly related to the Computer Science field. The Operating Systems course
and Computer Architecure were related to a part of the project, also the networks course was
related. Finally, the embedded systems course was the most related.
Finally, choosing to have an internship program at the GUC appeared to be the best decision
taken for this summer. The working environment was so motivational, also I got the opportunity
to dig deeper in using python and use libraries that will not be introduced in the university but
will be widely used in the future. Additionally, the GUC supplied us with a lot of hardware that
we needed to start implementing our work and a space where we can all collaborate and work
together on the bike. To conclude, I have spent an amazing month with ups and downs of
progress, yet at the end I have learnt a lot and worked with a wonderful and a very helpful team.

response result:
- The report discusses the internship experience at the GUC campus, specifically working on the development of an autonomous bike.
- The objective of joining the project was to gain practical experience using hardware.
- The internship provided knowledge about the architecture of building the autonomous bike and the opportunity to continue working in the research cluster.
- The GUC is a private educational non-profit institute founded in 2002 and cooperates with the State Universities of Ulm and Stuttgart.
- The research cluster is supervised by Professor Hassan Soubra in the Media Engineering Technology Major in the Engineering department.
- The goal of the research cluster is to develop an autonomous bike that can function in the real world.
- The task of the intern was to build and run a resizable neural network on the Nividia Jetson Nano computer that is used in the bike system.
- The neural network is used to classify objects detected by the camera mounted on the bike, which helps in decision-making.
- Important skills gained include dealing with Ubuntu and using the terminal, as well as building neural networks.
- The internship exceeded expectations, with a helpful and supportive team.
- The experience helped the intern gain knowledge about implementing neural networks and running them on the Nividia Jetson Nano computer.
- The internship is related to the field of smart systems and is highly relevant to the Computer Science field.
- The embedded systems course was the most related to the internship.
- The internship experience at the GUC was considered the best decision for the summer, with a motivating working environment, the opportunity to improve Python skills, access to necessary hardware, and a collaborative workspace.
- The intern learned a lot and worked with a wonderful and helpful team.