extracted data:
Internship Report
A working career is something that sits at the pinnacle of a person’s life choices. It is
widely considered as the most vital step in a person's life and requires too much
consideration and looking. Just like everyone, I take my career very seriously and in order to
follow my career choice of becoming a software engineer, I chose to gain experience in my
field to gain real world experience working in a worldwide company like TPAY MOBILE and
interacting with professionals to gain knowledge from them. In this report, I will go on to talk
about the company and what it does and stands for, about what I learned, gained, and
performed in the company during my internship period, and lastly about my assessment of
the internship program and how my experience was in the internship and my interactions
with my mentors.
For local and global digital service providers, accepting cross-border digital payments
across MEA and Turkey has been complex, involving multiple service providers – until now.
By acting as an acquirer and payment processor, TPAY MOBILE provides the only full
service, end to end mobile payments platform in the region. Even better, this is achieved
through a simple integration with a single API. Put simply, TPAY MOBILE makes it easy for
global digital service providers to leverage our local expertise, access customers and accept
payments in emerging markets, enabling rapid business growth and improving financial
inclusion. TPAY MOBILE strives to ease the process of payment in the region. TPAY
MOBILE interacts with large enterprises and charities in Egypt and the Middle East region.
This is a Product-House company.
The main objective of this internship was to gain experience in the real work
environment and see how things are run in a company. While in the GUC, we are given
multiple team projects to work on, it was to no surprise that there was still a large learning
curve to deal with and adapt to by working in a large company even though the projects
provided in GUC help somewhat ease the adaptation process. The main end task was to
learn how to make a website, specifically an Online Payment website. The first that comes to
mind is to make a User Interface and some methods and functions that do certain stuff;
however, in actuality, it is quite different since there are a lot of details to consider in making
an online payment website. It is not only what the website should enable a user to do but
how it does so, how the interface looks in order to be understandable and easily navigable
and provide all required and comforting options and settings. First off, I learned how to
interact and use github since it is a vital tool to use in the life of software engineering in order
to ease merging codes and working agile in teams. I then used my knowledge of SQL
gained from the GUC in order to create a Database for the website. With a few modifications
and new information from my mentor, the Database was normalised and consistent. After
doing so, I had to connect the database to the ASP.Net, the technology the company uses. It
was kind of confusing but after watching a few tutorial videos online, I finished the task. I was
given the task of starting to create APIs for the website that I started to work on and
researched a bit about it to figure it out and took some hints from my mentor. I started testing
my APIs and created a simple frontend design for my website and kept learning how to fix it
and created more APIs. As I progress in the program, I realise more things to consider while
making a website.  I would try to handle everything I learned and that came to mind while
planning and working.
In this program, I gained so much knowledge in the real work experience and how
things actually work. I learned how people creating a website actually think and what they
take into consideration and handle in order to improve the user experience on the website. I
learned how to divide and conquer my work and tasks which is something I struggled with at
the beginning massively. I also learned a new technology. This knowledge and much more
would have never come across me this early in my life if it wasn’t for this internship program.
The internship met my expectations and brightened my mind towards many things I didn’t
have the slightest knowledge about. I wanted to be a backend software engineer, and I was
given a task to see how a website is created. The internship showed me that I am extremely
interested in backend development and I wish to pursue such a career and maybe even
expand my knowledge and expertise by becoming a full stack software developer. Most of
the tasks and knowledge was correlated to my studies and major. It focused on a life
example of how projects created are handled and how they should be tackled. All academic
courses in the GUC that require working in a project show a sample of how a work team
operates and all of the Computer Science courses are very related to the work I did in TPAY
MOBILE. Even if sometimes the technology is different, the idea is consistent and stays the
same across the University and work.
I fortunately interacted with really professional and respectful people. All my mentors
and coworkers were very respectful, polite and humble people that were very welcoming and
made me feel at home. Due to my mentor being busy as he is a Senior software developer
in a large company, interaction and communication was slightly delayed and help wasn’t
always available for me when I was stuck in problem; however, help will never be always
available in work and self study is a must in every company since bosses and mentors also
have work to do, I just wish I had more time with my mentor as spending time with him would
undoubtedly make me gain even more knowledge. But overall, it was a fun, knowledgeable
and fulfilling experience that I truly enjoyed.

response result:
The performed tasks during the internship at TPAY MOBILE involved:

1. Learning how to interact and use Github for code merging and agile teamwork.
2. Creating a Database for the website using SQL, with guidance from the mentor.
3. Connecting the database to the ASP.Net technology used by the company.
4. Starting to create APIs for the website and researching how to do it.
5. Testing the created APIs and making necessary improvements.
6. Designing a frontend for the website and continuously learning and fixing any issues.
7. Gaining knowledge and understanding of the considerations and processes involved in creating a user-friendly website.
8. Learning how to divide and conquer tasks and work efficiently.
9. Gaining exposure to backend development and discovering a strong interest in pursuing a career in this field.
10. Interacting with professional and respectful mentors and coworkers.
11. Overcoming challenges and finding solutions through self-study and independent problem-solving.
12. Overall, gaining valuable real-world work experience and knowledge that aligned with academic courses and studies at GUC.