extracted data:
Internship Report  
 
The major cause of this report is to explain the internship I participated in at some 
stage in summertime season July 2022. This file will deliver an in-depth 
description of the employer relative to the internship, responsibilities preformed at 
some stage in the internship and my private assessment of the internship. The 
major cause of this internship become to reveal the interns to the special 
components of the computer engineering industries. The internship additionally 
uncovered us to the fields and regions which can be complementary to the skills 
acquired from college and the sphere of work. The file will first describe the 
employer then the responsibilities completed and ultimately an assessment of the 
internship and finishing with a conclusion. 
 
Orion360 is a Global IT Services, Data & Analytics, Consulting and Outsourcing 
company established in 2010. Their mission was to work with companies in the 
region to help them with their digital transformation journeys using the best 
practices and standards found in global companies. It helps deliver to client’s 
digital transformation agenda through digital services and solutions as well as 
through digital transformation consulting practice.  They are focused on Data & 
Analytics, Intelligent Automation and Digital Transformation Consultancy and 
Project Management. In October 2020, Orion360 became the 1st local Silver 
Certified Delivery Partner for Blue Prism in the MENA region. 
 
The internship started by a 3-day training about different softwares and tools. The 
first day we learned how to use Knime, a tool that allows users to visually create 
data flows, selectively execute analysis steps and inspect results using interactive 
widgets and views. The second day, we learned how to clean, transform, load and 
structure data and design data models using PowerBI (an interactive data 
visualization software product). The third day was all about using SQL database. 
Throughout the rest of the two months, we created a MVP (minimum viable 
product) of the Digital Shelf tool; this tool is aiming to build a working solution 
that collects data of different products across various online stores using Web 
scraping and RPA (Robotic Process Automation) and provide it to interested 
retailers and brands in a simplified format. We also chose the database design 
then created it with Microsoft SQL server management. We used the web scraper 
tool daily for manual data extraction and inserted these files into excel sheets. 
This made us able to update the database with these data. We also created tool’s 
MD (Master Data) and used PowerBI for data visualization. Finally, we created 
dashboards and charts to clearly represent data to the client.  
 
Throughout the internship, I have received a great set of abilities due to the 
excessive tools and technologies used. I have discovered that excelling in some 
subjects is depending on how often I practice these tools and software 
technologies, which I have practiced a lot of in GUC prior to this internship but in 
a different way. I have discovered an exquisite deal of new and developed 
technology used there that now I know how to use, and it was clear how these 
methods can be used to benefit my career later. The internship will assist me in 
my choice making system concerning my master’s topic in the future and could 
aid me make a bought choice primarily based on experience. Almost all my 
courses had been associated with the internship. Some of them include database, 
computer science (CS), and operating systems (OS). Honestly, the internship 
passed my expectations, and I might truly advocate it.             
 
All in all, I solemnly trust that the internship became an exquisite use of my time, 
and I might truly assist me out withinside the destiny concerning my career. The 
employer is one of the main digital transformation companies withinside the 
EMEA area that provides digital solutions to clients and that reality brings a huge 
deal of significance to the internship. This made me gain insights on different 
pathways that I can take later in my career and all of which is related to my major. 
Overall, the internship exceeded my expectations; the management was very 
supportive and encouraging and I would highly recommend it. 
 

response result:
Performed tasks in the internship:

1. Participated in a 3-day training on different software and tools including Knime, PowerBI, and SQL database.
2. Worked on creating a MVP of the Digital Shelf tool, which involved collecting data from various online stores using web scraping and RPA.
3. Designed and implemented a database using Microsoft SQL Server management.
4. Used a web scraper tool for manual data extraction and updated the database with the extracted data.
5. Created MD (Master Data) for the tool and used PowerBI for data visualization.
6. Created dashboards and charts to represent data to the client.
7. Received training on various tools and technologies used in the internship.
8. Gained insights on different pathways related to the computer engineering industry.
9. Developed skills in using software technologies.
10. Applied knowledge gained from courses such as database, computer science, and operating systems to the internship tasks.
11. Received support and encouragement from the internship management.

Overall, the performed tasks included training, data collection and manipulation, database design and implementation, data visualization, and using various software and tools.