extracted data:
Sarana Jewelry Internship
This internship was conducted at Sarana Jewelry in Cairo, Egypt. In Cairo, Egypt. There
were two key goals for the internship. One goal was to learn and explore how to integrate
a 3D model into an application and how to use Xamarin forms or Flutter to construct an
application. Implementing the internship's major project had another purpose.
Implementing a cross-platform mobile application for Sarana Jewelry was the project's
challenge. The purpose of the application was to market Sarana's jewelry. The mobile app
shows the pieces of jewelry as a 3D model rather than simply a normal 2D image, which
is the major premium feature that sets it apart from other jewelry digital marketing
applications. This report demonstrates a brief description of Cloudastick systems, then
the nature of tasks performed during the period of the internship,then my own evaluation
of the internship, and finally a conclusion to summarize my overall experience in the
internship.
One of the biggest jewelry manufacturers and retailers, Sarana Jewelry, was founded in
the early 2000s. Additionally, Sarana jewelry maintains a strong presence at international
trade shows and serves clients from all over the world. Additionally, Sarana Jewelry is a
part of the renowned HRD club. Additionally, several members of Sarana's family have
worked in the industry for over 35 years, and other people are qualified diamond graders
by internationally renowned organizations like HRD & GIA. Rings, twins, bracelets,
pendants, and earrings are a few examples of products.
There were three interns altogether on the project, including me, plus an IT department
supervisor. The Flutter open-source UI software development kit and the Dart
object-oriented programming language were used to construct the application. The three
interns conducted research on how to create an application using Flutter and Dart as well
as how to render 3D models into that application. Additionally, Xamarin, C#, XML was
initially studied and investigated; however, Xamarin had no effective libraries that
effectively imported 3D models, thus Flutter was chosen. Three pages make up the final
application: the home page, the page for the chosen product, and the page for the 3D
model. The customer may locate all the items on the home page and choose one of them.
The product page then shows a 2D representation of the item, its color (rose gold, gold, or
silver), and several other attributes. The user may access the 3D page by clicking the 3D
button on the product page. The user may freely move around the model on the 3D page,
which presents the product in 3D. (rotating and zooming).
I've gained a lot of worthwhile skills through my internship. Technical abilities include
understanding how to show a 3D model using the Babylon library, how to create a
cross-platform mobile application using Xamarin Forms, and how to implement a
cross-platform mobile application using Flutter and Dart. Working in a team, reporting to
our supervisor in a timely way, and studying on our own are all examples of soft skills
(research skills). My expectations were satisfied by this internship since I learned how to
make cross-platform mobile applications. Additionally, this will have a significant impact
on my future career because this is a field I'd like to work in. There are similarities
between Java and the Dart programming language. The GUC courses I took that are most
relevant to the internship are Introduction to Computer Programming, Data Structures and
Algorithms,Object-oriented Programming, Databases I, Web Technologies and Usability
and Advanced Media Lab (MERN stack).
To summarize all that has been said thus far, my internship at Sarana Jewelry has given
me a great deal of information and experience. Learning more about mobile applications
and improving my research abilities were wonderful experiences.
The project was completed by two interns and myself, thus I was also able to develop my
cooperation abilities. Additionally, working remotely was quite beneficial for me since it
gave me an idea of what an engineer's typical day might be like. These greatly motivated
me and provided me with fresh job ideas.

response result:
The tasks performed during the internship at Sarana Jewelry include:

1. Learning and exploring how to integrate a 3D model into an application.
2. Learning how to use Xamarin forms or Flutter to construct a mobile application.
3. Implementing a cross-platform mobile application for Sarana Jewelry to market their jewelry.
4. Researching and studying Flutter and Dart to create the application.
5. Researching and investigating Xamarin, C#, and XML initially, but ultimately choosing Flutter due to its more effective libraries for importing 3D models.
6. Creating three pages for the mobile application: the home page, the product page, and the 3D model page.
7. Showing a 2D representation of the chosen product on the product page, including its color and other attributes.
8. Allowing the user to access the 3D page by clicking a button on the product page.
9. Implementing the 3D page to allow the user to freely move around and interact with the 3D model of the product.
10. Developing technical skills in using the Babylon library, Xamarin Forms, and Flutter and Dart.
11. Working in a team and reporting to a supervisor in a timely manner.
12. Developing soft skills such as research skills and self-study.
13. Gaining knowledge and experience in mobile application development and improving research abilities.
14. Developing cooperation abilities by completing the project with two other interns.
15. Gaining insight into the daily routine of an engineer through remote work.
16. Finding motivation and generating new ideas for future career opportunities.