extracted data:
Cloudastick Systems Internship
This internship was in Cairo, Egypt, at Cloudastick Systems. There were two key goals
for the internship. One goal was to increase interns' knowledge of the Salesforce CRM
platform and development tools needed, such as object-oriented programming , SQL
databases , HTML, CSS and Javascript in order to build and maintain CRM systems for
different organizations . Another goal was to teach students how to administer an org,
managing the Sales and Service Clouds and automating workflow. This report
demonstrates a brief description of Cloudastick systems, then the nature of tasks
performed during the period of the internship,then my own evaluation of the internship,
and finally a conclusion to summarize my overall experience in the internship.
Cloudastick Systems is a Salesforce.com registered partner since 2016 specialized in
Salesforce cloud solutions and web development. They genuinely support the EMEA
market, as well as International companies, with professionally customized and
out-of-the-box CRM solutions that are widely requested by customers all over the world.
Cloudastick Systems offer various services such as Sales Cloud Implementation , Service
cloud implementation, Mobile Development and provide solutions to multiple industries
such as real estate and automotive. Their mission is to empower businesses with
state-of-the-art solutions, to help them better control, measure and manage their business
from anywhere and at any time. And their vision is excellence in Salesforce Solutions and
Customizations.
The internship performed tasks were mainly programming oriented from a Salesforce
developer perspective. Using Java I created several classes and triggers that fire when a
specific event happens in the org. For instance, a trigger fires whenever a new record is
inserted, deleted or updated in the SQL database and performs the specific alteration
accordingly. Other tasks include Visualforce pages, Aura components and Lightning Web
Components. These are technologies that use HTML , CSS and JavaScript tailored to
Salesforce. They were used in order to augment any desired web pages or  forms in the
Salesforce org to perform any function. Moreover, I also developed several integrations
between Salesforce and other services, such as Truecaller to verify contacts’ identity.
These integrations were developed using RESTful API call-outs.
The main new experiences I gained from this internship is that it got me introduced to the
world of Salesforce development. The internship at Cloudastick Systems exceeded my
expectations because the team was very  collaborative and supportive which helped me
excel rapidly in a whole set of new Salesforce development skills to learn. I think the
market for Salesforce developers is a fast-paced growing market and the need for
Salesforce developers and administrators in the future is rising quickly. This internship
would make me a unique candidate to any Salesforce partner that demands a Salesforce
developer in the future. The internship is highly correlated to my studies in the GUC
faculty of Digital Media Engineering and Technology, as it was mainly programming
oriented and used technologies I had experience with in my academic courses such as
Computer science 2,Computer science 4, Data Structures and Algorithms, Databases 1,
Web Technologies and Usability and Advanced Media Lab (MERN stack) .
To conclude, my internship at Cloudastick Systems was a major addition to my career. I
acquired a new set of skills related to Salesforce development that would make me a
competing candidate to any Salesforce department in the future. The internship was of
great benefit as it is highly correlated with my studies as the tasks I performed were
programming oriented. Currently Salesforce is the number 1 Customer Relationship
Management system  platform in the world, thus the market and possible job
opportunities in this field is very promising to future engineers and developers.

response result:
The tasks performed during the internship at Cloudastick Systems include:

1. Increasing interns' knowledge of the Salesforce CRM platform and development tools needed, such as object-oriented programming, SQL databases, HTML, CSS, and Javascript.
2. Building and maintaining CRM systems for different organizations using Salesforce.
3. Administering an org, managing the Sales and Service Clouds, and automating workflow.
4. Creating classes and triggers using Java to handle specific events in the org's SQL database.
5. Developing Visualforce pages, Aura components, and Lightning Web Components using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript tailored to Salesforce.
6. Integrating Salesforce with other services, such as Truecaller, using RESTful API call-outs.
7. Collaborating with the team at Cloudastick Systems and receiving support to excel in Salesforce development skills.
8. Gaining new experiences and skills related to Salesforce development.
9. Applying academic knowledge and skills acquired in courses such as Computer Science, Data Structures and Algorithms, Databases, and Web Technologies.
10. Enhancing career prospects as Salesforce is the number 1 CRM platform in the world, with promising job opportunities for engineers and developers.