extracted data:
 
 
 
 
 
I have started internship in EJADA starting 24th of July until 22nd of September. This report 
will cover my whole experience in a 2-month internship at EJADA and how they added new 
skills and made me experience working in an actual workplace. Working at EJADA Increased 
my communication skills since I used to communicate with new people since day 1 there. In 
addition, learning new skills related to Computer science was the main purpose of having this 
internship. However, Having the sense of identity was a big advantage that wasn’t on my mind 
before entering this internship but after joining EJADA I felt that I have an identity by working 
in such a company as same as employees there. 
 
EJADA is a leading IT services provider in the Middle East and Africa region, enabling 
enterprises and public-sector organizations to maintain and increase their competitive edge 
through innovative IT solutions. It was established in 2005 as a result of merging three 
companies that existed in the KSA market since early and mid 1990(ACT, NEWTEK, and Elite). 
The objective of Establishing EJADA is to become the largest and most reputable regional IT 
services & Solutions company in the MEA region. Enjoyed accelerated growth; was recognized 
as a key player in the IT services market in KSA, and a leader in serving the banking sector. 
Here is their Web address: http://www.ejada.com. 
Here is their Mail:  hhenry@ejada.com. 
 
I learned how to work with Java EE, hibernate, and spring so I was assigned some backend 
coding on how to build a Database web application. Moreover, I was shadowing my supervisor 
who made frontend for website that is related to food delivering companies. Every time, I went 
to work, I met my supervisor first and ask him any question related to the task given to me, then 
my teammates and I discussed what did we do and what to do and help each other in solving 
errors. All people who work there was very helpful and professional. I used eclipse and SQL 
workbench while I was working at EJADA. Here are some of my works: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I learned how to work in a workplace so I gained some experience in the work field, developed 
my problem-solving skills, communication skills and team work. Internship at EJADA met my 
expectations because it made me gain experience, how to evaluate myself right, provided a good 
working environment, people who work there were friendly, professional and very helpful they 
made me feel that they are friends not my co-workers or supervisor, etc. They made more 
interested and motivated to become a backend developer and develop many software 
applications. I knew which companies are good and available at the market. I learned how to take 
opportunities and they made me think about making Masters as it differs in the working salary 
and in progress at any company. Since that I learned eclipse, java and SQL at GUC, it was a little 
bit easy to use them as I already know them from all CSEN courses and Database courses. I 
would recommend EJADA to my colleagues in university as it is extremely good working 
experience as they treated me and another trainee from GUC very well, very respectful in 
addition to all I said above. 
 
Lastly, after my internship at EJADA ended I can say that the key factors that can be concluded 
from it is new skills learnt, meeting and communicating with new people, more experience at 
workplace and understanding the world better. As a general observation on the sector that 
EJADA works in EJADA makes it easier for customers to deal with company’s products since 
EJADA creates mobile applications for companies which give customers easy access for 
products / services of a specific company. In addition, everything nowadays became digital and 
depends mainly on technology and IT which is the sector of EJADA so it an excellent career 
path on the short and long term as well. 
 

response result:
The performed tasks for this report include:
- Working with Java EE, hibernate, and spring to build a Database web application
- Shadowing supervisor in creating frontend for a website related to food delivering companies
- Using eclipse and SQL workbench for development work
- Developing problem-solving skills, communication skills, and teamwork through the internship
- Learning about the work field and gaining experience
- Evaluating oneself and setting career goals
- Gaining knowledge about companies in the market
- Considering further education, such as pursuing a Masters degree
- Overall positive experience at EJADA, with friendly and professional coworkers
- Recommendations to colleagues at university to consider interning at EJADA
- Concluding that the internship provided new skills, new connections, workplace experience, and a better understanding of the industry
- Noting that EJADA's focus on mobile applications and technology make it a promising career path.