extracted data:
INTERNSHIP REPORT 
Orange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 42.5 billion 
euros in 2021 and 140,000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2021, including 78,000 
employees in France. The mission of Orange is to accelerate the digital development of the 
Egyptian society by providing innovative solutions & unmatched customer experience. 
Orange aims to provide all kinds of engineering, training, administrative, production, marketing, 
consultation services and technical experience and technicians in all aspects especially in 
communication and information technology aspect in Egypt and abroad. 
I was part of the data platform team in Orange Egypt.  
Specifically, I contributed to the architecture of the data pipeline. This data pipeline is crucial to 
enabling Orange to be data driven and harness the abundance of data that is generated on a 
daily basis. 
 For the first 2 weeks I learned all about the architectures/model used for the data platform and 
the different batch and real time processing applied to the data.  
 
After familiarizing myself with the system and the practices of the team, I was assigned a 
challenging task, that would contribute greatly to minimizing errors in the different used 
processes when accessing data from the data lake of the organization.  
 
I worked on developing a distributed application that validates HDFS files on a Hadoop cluster. 
This challenging task helped me gain a lot of knowledge about distributed systems and big data 
processing frameworks in a production environment. 
 I spent a lot of time researching Hadoop and HDFS which is a distributed file system and going 
over the documentation which was quite dense and unmaintained. 
 This is essentially due to the unorthodox nature of the task I was given. 
 I was aiming to validate different segments of the same file in parallel, as the files are 
distributed, to speed up the validation process. 
 
I learned all about distributed systems in a real-life application, which is a quite complex topic. I 
also learned several useful tools and frameworks along the way such as docker and Hadoop. 
 And I also learned how to navigate a complex topic and communicate complex proposed 
solutions with my colleagues/supervisor.  
 
 The internship did indeed meet my expectations as I was targeting internship positions that 
deal with the big data and distributed systems in general. Moreover, my supervisor was very 
helpful and passionate about software engineering.  In fact, he was interested in the topic 
himself such that he was invested in my progress. 
 
How do you think the internship activities that you carried out are correlated with your studies? 
 Which of the academic courses that you have taken in GUC were the most related to your 
internship?  
The activities are correlated to my studies and one can argue that is an extension to the theory I 
learn in lectures at the GUC. The internship offers insight about how multi-national companies 
actually work with big data and at a very large data generation rate. Some courses that helped 
are Software Engineering and Databases 2.  
 
I would recommend Orange to engineering students as my to my personal experience was very 
positive. However, the satisfaction can vary from team to team and depends a lot about the 
supervisor you are paired with.  
 
In conclusion, my internship at Orange Egypt was very beneficial from a technical standpoint, as 
well as the non-technical side of things. I was given the opportunity to work in a very 
interesting task to me that was quite challenging and that I enjoyed. The telecommunication 
industry is a great industry for engineers who are interesting about big data, data analysis and 
machine learning. 
 
 
 
EVALUATION FORM 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATE 
 
 

response result:
- The intern was part of the data platform team in Orange Egypt.
- The intern contributed to the architecture of the data pipeline.
- The intern learned about the architectures/model used for the data platform and different batch and real-time processing.
- The intern was assigned a task to minimize errors in accessing data from the data lake of the organization.
- The intern worked on developing a distributed application to validate HDFS files on a Hadoop cluster.
- The intern spent time researching Hadoop and HDFS to understand the task.
- The intern learned about distributed systems and big data processing frameworks.
- The intern learned about tools and frameworks such as Docker and Hadoop.
- The intern had a supervisor who was helpful and passionate about software engineering.
- The activities carried out during the internship are correlated with the intern's studies.
- The internship provided insight into how multinational companies work with big data.
- Courses in Software Engineering and Databases 2 at GUC were related to the internship.
- The intern had a positive experience at Orange Egypt but recommends considering the team and supervisor pairing.
- The internship was beneficial both technically and non-technically.
- The telecommunication industry is recommended for engineers interested in big data, data analysis, and machine learning.