activities I did during my internship period. After discussing this, I’ll talk about the skills, experience and knowledge I gained and how was the internship related to my major. Finally, I will conclude the report with a short summary of the general observations I made and experience I gained throughout my internship period.  Firstly, Aman for e-payments is a subsidiary of Raya Holding, it is a young Egyptian FINTECH company that has the potential to become the leading FINTECH company in the region. Additionally, Aman envisions an ultimate Egyptian cashless society with financial inclusion for previously unattainable to a lot of Egyptians. Aman offers a wide variety of financial services for a better quality of life according to people’s and the society needs. Here are some examples about the services of Aman, you can pay utilities, Bill payments, installments, donations and much more with Aman in minutes. These services can be used from individuals and small stores to large enterprise. The main goal of Aman is to become the most preferred FINTECH company in our region.  During my internship period, I have done projects and tasks related to software development. My supervisor assigned me projects and tasks. We had meetings every now and then to follow up my progress and to give me any additional requirements, sometimes we had meetings with product managers, UI designers and other developers. On these days, I present the project progress to them and discuss any issues then get to work on any further requirements. If I don’t have a meeting, I work on the project with the team and if I needed help I either do my own research or ask my supervisor. My first project was to build an end-to-end web application which should be built for merchants who use Aman POS in order to track their transaction and sales data alongside with some data aggregation and reports throughout the year. The project included building a full login and registration system which have the following functionalities: register, login, reset password via email and logout. Once the merchant log in, he should view all his previous transaction data, statistics and charts in order to assess his sales and performance. Another project was to build a web application to automate bill payments for small medium enterprises. In this project, we worked in a team of 3. The web application acted as a middleman between the enterprises and Aman system that is already implemented to make bank transfers and payments. The project included but not limited to full user registration system, allowing the user to upload excel files that contains the upcoming bills with their full info then the web app sends it to Aman system to take care of the rest. The user was also allowed to see his bills report and updates. For these projects to be implemented I used MERN stack which is MongoDB, Expressjs, Reactjs and Nodejs. MongoDB. MongoDB was used to be our database to store user, transactions and bills data. Express, node and mongoose together was used to build the backend and the API of the web application which included but not limited to authorization (JWT), authentication, password encryption, data schemas, CRUD operations, data sanitization, security, rate limiting, uploading files, CORS policy, error handling, automated emails with Mailtrap and SendGrid, cookies and data modeling. React was used to build the frontend of the web application and communicate with our backend in order to develop the full stack app. I have done a lot of research and watched a lot of videos regarding these technologies in order to be able to implement these projects securely and in a professional way.   During my internship, I have gained soft and technical skills. I have developed the following soft skills: Teamwork, communication skills, leadership skills, problem solving and time management. We have worked on projects in teams, so we had to communicate with each other’s, solve challenges that rise and taking time and deadlines into consideration. Regarding the technical skills I have developed my software development and testing skills. I have learnt new technologies like MERN stack, testing software like postman, RESTFUL APIs design, backend and frontend development. Due to developing and gaining all these skills and knowledge the internship met my expectations because I learned and developed a lot of knowledge and skills. This internship will help me in my future career plans because it let me to discover and dig deeper into software engineering which I loved so I’ll take this into consideration when I take new courses or apply for new internships or jobs. Also, software engineering is a subfield in my major which is computer science and engineering as it includes coding, developing, testing, algorithms and lots of topics that is taught in my major. The most course that is related to my internship was computer programming lab (CSEN 401), which was to develop a full end to end game and using MVC architecture to develop it. In my humble opinion, I encourage other GUC students to apply to Aman because they will surely develop great soft and technical skills and will simply have some great time there.  To conclude, I have benefited from this internship in many different ways. I have gained so much experience on how to perform a task, communicate with your supervisor and communicate with other departments and colleagues to get the job done. Problem solving is a very important skill that I developed, and lastly getting an observation of the industry and getting outside the confined academic experience only. I observed a lot of things like how people handle problems and conflicts, how colleagues communicate with each other’s in work and outside the office, how to follow up and participate in meetings and much more.   