Tasks: (Not less than 100 words)  
  
The main task is to design a customized tool to help in modern homes designs and make the user able to 
systemize what he needs exactly in his/her owned homes. In order to achieve that we used the famous game 
developing platform unity to make a virtual environment starts with a basic home with 2 rooms and try to train 
our model using python language to move every item we used in the entire 3D environment to reach the final 
design of a specific room based o n famous furniture standards.  So, our project was divided into 4 phases; The 
first 2 weeks I had to make a research on the machine learning algorithms try to understand the basics of neural 
networks in addition to how to use CNNs for training a model to pe rform a specific task on Object detection not 
only on the furniture but generally to be able to deal with a pre -coded neural network. After sharing the research 
with the team by a presentation I had to learn how to work on the 3d environment and 3d objects  using unity 
engine so, this process took a long time; I started with small games to know how to deal with unity assets  and 
prefabs and the I took my work to the next level to learn how to use the predefined machine learning agent of 
unity to make a simple  trained model of the 3d object. Related to the furniture work we used 3d models of basic 
pieces of furniture to use in a small design of a home.  In unity the running script was displaying the room and 
some 3d objects of furniture pieces and our algorithm has to systemize those pieces in terms of the standards of 
the furniture or sometimes on the choice of the user.     
5 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
 
 
The last image is an example of the view of the room and a 3d model of a chair. After running the script the ML 
agent uses the functionalit y of moving to move that chair around the room and calculates a score to reach the 
most suitable place of that chair. So, the more acceptable place of the piece the higher value of the score.  The 
final interface of this process is a view of the room with t he added furniture item and every furniture item 
placed in the right place with the highest possible score. The last 4 weeks I had to understand the Django and 
.net frame work to develop a website that uses images of the furniture items and output the 3d m odel of these 
items and then I had to add a script for that new item to help the training model in calculating the score while 
working with this item into our environment on unity engine. Finally the webpage created views options of the 
furniture item to m ake a choice of the 3d objects that will be used in the unity engine and the script will be 
applied on it.    
 
Internship 