Tasks:
During this internship, I worked on an e-commerce application called Green Corner . My work in the internship 
can be divided into three parts. The first part is front-end development using Kotlin and android studio, the 
second part includes UI/UX work and The third part is back-end development, which was done using C#, 
Microsoft Dot Net core, dapper and entity framework. While the previously mentioned parts are of course 
implemented for every feature, most of the time I haven’ t done all the parts for the same feature, meaning that, 
for example, I have worked on the front-end part only for some features and the same goes for other parts. As
4
Student Career & Alumni Development Office.
scad@guc.edu.eg
| German University in Cairo
New Cairo Cit y - Main
Entrance Al T agamoa Al Khames; Egypt
for the front-end part, the work was mostly done on features that are already implemented but needed some
editing, so for example the cart page didn’ t have the option to search the items that were added to the cart by the 
customer and filter them according to the search text, it was a requirement to add this feature, and it was
assigned to me to do it and I did. The UI/UX part was mostly done with the front end part, However , on some 
pages, I have made changes to the UI without any changes in functionality , such as for example changing the 
colour of some tabs and changing the shape of some icons like the search and cart icons. I have also suggested a
design of the UI/UX of some pages with new features using Figma. As for the back end part, I have worked on 
new features, one feature was for the patients to upload the prescription to the application, where the
prescription should be saved in the application’ s database and be associated with the customer . Also, there are 
options for the customer to retrieve, edit, or delete his/her previous prescriptions uploaded. I have used an entity
framework to work with the database, as the approach used was code-first.
These are some screenshots from the application during dif ferent stages of development:
When observing the leftmost and the middle photos, for example, there are some changes in the upper tab that
can be observed. In the upper tab (fixed on all pages), the colour of it has been changed, the theme of the icons
has changed and there were some features added such as the heart (go to favourites page) and the menu button
on the left which on click shows the sidebar menu. The rightmost picture shows the feature of selecting a 
category from the left sidebar menu and a subcategory from the right. These are other examples of my front-end 
and UI/UX work.
5
Student Career & Alumni Development Office.
scad@guc.edu.eg
| German University in Cairo
New Cairo Cit y - Main
Entrance Al T agamoa Al Khames; Egypt
Internship 