tasks we worked on during this internshi p varied from courses, proje cts, research , 
and presenta tions . We took various courses and many presentations about the company functions 
and software  used were  prese nted by the engineers . Golang,  Flask, Docker, Django , and GitHub  
actions  resources were  provided b y the supervisor  for us to study. Also, presentation s about the  
whole  ThreeFold   (their current customer) eco-system , how it works , and how a us er can use in 
addition to all  the technologies tha t are in cluded in the whole development cycle  of the pr oject 
were provided by the engineers who worked on it. The projects  we worked on included a s imple 
Golang INI file parser with its unit tests  and GitHub  actions that r an the m. Also, a full sta ck to-
do web app that was later containerized using docker . This web app  was built using Golang and 
mongo DB for the backend and svelte and typescript for the fr ont end. The backend was tested 
using the  Golan g unit tests, and postman and open -API (swagger API) was built to ensure the 
robustness of the backend. Cypress was used to test the front end .  The GitHub  actions for this 
project aut omated the buil d and updated the image for the docker container  and ran all the tests.  
Another mini project was a telegra m bot that was built using python , this project was 
containerized using the threefold ecosystem . Finally, we worked on a n ew HR s ystem web app 
for Codesca lers-Egypt employees. For the backend, I worked on authentication  and authorization  
using  JWT and Django .  I also wo rked on all the user profile ope rations for all types of users 
(admins, s upervisors  and employees) . For the front end , I used svelte and typescript to 
incorporate  authentication and authorization  in the front end.  In addition to building the login 
and registration  pages. Rega rding the rese arch, research was held about  IPFS planning services 
to discuss it with the decision  makers for Codescalers  to start using it in their current project. Finally , a presentation was p repared and held for my colleagues , supervisor and the project 
manager about web3 . 
 
Internship 