activities and duties done in my summer internship atValeo as a software engineer intern specifically in (THS) Thermal and Heat System department.My internship duration was from 5th of September 2021 to 11th of November 2021. The mainpurpose of this report is to deliver some info about the company, what are the departmentsincluded in it, and what kind of projects I am working on during my internship at Valeo. I had adefined plan and passion to know about all the technologies that could be used in all domainssuch as embedded systems, electronics, networks, software applications, etc. and to see how Icould apply what I’ve learnt on my own and in the GUC (MET). However, in order to getexposure in all domains, I have chosen to join valeo in summer of 2021 to learn and seek moreabout embedded systems and how a software engineer works in such a corporate environment.Valeo is an automotive supplier and partner to automakers worldwide.They providecutting-edge solutions for smart mobility as a technology firm, with an emphasis on CO2emissions reduction and intuitive driving in particular. Valeo concerns about 4 main technicalareas, which are efficiency of internal combustion and energy, which concerns with thermalmanagement, Air intake module, and e-supercharger, electrification, which concerns withenergy management, inverters, and chargers, downspeeding and automation, which focuses ontorque converter and dual clutch transmission, Efficiency of Auxiliary systems, which concernwith LED, wiper systems, and HVAC (Heating and Ventilation and air conditioning). For me Ihave worked on 2 projects in 2 different areas which are efficiency of internal combustion andenergy and Efficiency of Auxiliary systems.The 2 projects ,that I have mentioned their technical areas, were under the supervision ofthe tooling team in THS department. What the tooling team does is create software tools andutilities that could be used by other teams in the department to facilitate processes and testing.The first project was concerned with a sensor that is used for control and diagnostics of emissionsystems utilizing diesel particulate filters (DPF) and it’s called PM sensor (particulate mattersensor). I was prompted to add a new feature to ensure the calculation of multiple sensors insteadof one and to be done in a timeline with a delay in microseconds and display it in desktopapplication. In order to execute and to make a progress to implement this feature I have to knowhow I will communicate with the sensor using the LIN (local interconnect network) protocol andread the documentation of a library that is called BabyLIN (that was used to ensure that I cancommunicate with the sensor chip).The second project, which concerns HVAC (Heating, Ventilation , and Air Conditioning),focuses on implementing a new tool which concerns calculating new values added in HVAC butin an external application.The skills that I have gained through this internship are how to design a system and putsystem requirements that a client has described to me in order to implement such features in theright way. Furthermore, I have learnt a lot about embedded systems and how I could implement alot of features and projects in a systematic way (for example I have gone through the projectsusing V cycle methodology to meet deadlines and troubleshooting issues). Valeo internship wasan exceptional internship as I have not learnt a lot of knowledge about all these technologiesfrom day zero till the last day. I think this internship will affect my career as it made me knowmore about how a corporate company deals with mega projects and it gives me a great exposureof the domain of embedded systems which can help me one day in other rival companies.Moreover, I have learnt additional material on top of what I have learnt in the GUC (MET)which was focused on OOP (CSEN401) and DSD and also DLD.In conclusion, my experience at valeo was very crucial in my career and I know one day Iwill thank all my colleagues that I have met there at valeo to let me know how things work thereand how I can deal with their projects. I have gone through  2 projects that could be a golden stepin my computer engineering knowledge and also a nice gain to know more about embeddedsystems and their protocols from professionals and engineers. I have gained a great skill of howto operate meetings and conduct them in a professional way and to handle all the points that havebeen discussed, especially if this meeting is with a client.TOP SERVICE Human Resources Consultant Cairo in March 06, 2022 TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN Experience Certificate This is to certify that Mr. Aly Hassan Abdelrahman Hassan Abdelmaguid Elsokkary has joined Top Service Company under a project term contract with Valeo Egypt since September 2021 till November 2021. He completed his internship in Valeo Egypt from September 2021 to November 2021. Aly is a sincere, honest, hardworking, dedicated employee with a professional attitude and very respectable job knowledge. Aly has always rendered his services with the highest degree of responsibility and Professionalism and we wish Aly all the best in his future endeavors. This certificate was given to him at his request without any liability on the company Yours sincerely, respect, General Manager Ashraf Nofal Commercial Register: 414387 Tax Card: 5-571-530-01-24 )hr8 8e Ts hraft !of Chairmwe Tel : +202 225198945 - 27545948 - 27545936 - 27545937 199 St., Building 3A, Degla - Maadi,Cairo - Egypt Fax: +202 25198765 E-mail : info@top-egypt.com Mob: +2 01066603830-01050484443 Web : top-egypt.com 