activities at a steady rate, Banque Misr currently owns equity in 163 projects including financial, industrial, tourism, housing, Agri and food, general service, in addition to projects in the field of communication and information. Website: https://www.banquemisr.com/ In this internship we were assigned to think and create a ui/ux mockup  for a way to improve credit card usage in the bank. We were assigned to research about the problem in the bank and also in other competitors banks and to come up with a solution to fix this problem. We worked 5 days per week, 8 hours per day. In our working day we usually go to the main office in 70s street and it started with a small workshop explaining our tasks this almost takes an hour. Then the rest of the day we start on working on our tasks. Mainly all of the were in the office but some were required for us to go the branch and interview some customers and employers. We used Canva, adobe xd, adobe illustrator, and adobe InDesign to create a mockup for our solution. We did customer research where we went to some branches and interviewed the customers and ask the about their credit card usage and what they would like to improve in the credit card so that they could use it more often. We also did research about other banks globally and national to see how their credit card works and their benefits. We made an AS-IS journey of creating a credit card and the insights of the interviews.  Here is a link with all the files stated up, also with the final presentation slides that we did in the company: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1WlYW9kkP-xDeYP1n7OkQFrgrN4WzlP9q?usp=sharing  I have learned the skill to do the right way of market research and customer research. I also learned about banking and the right way to do a business presentation as we presented our idea Infront of the managers of the branch. I also gained ui/ux skills while creating the mockup, pictures of the mockup is available in the drive link that I attached in the presentation. Yes, it did meet my expectations because I learned some valuable skills and I also experienced that agile work methodology in the bank. Before this internship I never thought about a career in product management but after working in this field it enlightened my vision to more working opportunity as in the future I would like to work and learn more about this field. The English courses and the software engineering courses where the most related to what I worked in this internship. For example, in the software engineering course we came up with user requirements and did research about similar websites for our website and create a mockup for it, this is exactly what I did in this internship. Yes, I would recommend bank Misr to other GUC students, as they will like the work experience there and will gain a lot from it. Also, because the employers there are really helpful and friendly and I learned a lot from them. In conclusion, during this internship I learned valuable skills and learned more about different fields and working opportunities that I did not know about before. I also spoke to a lot of employers to help me guide my way in my career and to know which skills I should learn to have a successful career. I learned more about the product management field and how to create a good ui ux experience for the user where they wont face any problems using it. After the internship I had the passion to learn more about this field as I continued in researching about it and learning new skills.       