1. Description of the company e Company’s mission and vision e Field of the company e Products and services 2. Internship activities e Working conditions e Tasks and researches e Tools used 3. Evaluation of the internship e Skills gained e Influence on future career e Correlation with your studies 4. Conclusion e What is derived from the internship experience?  e General observations about the company’s specialisation  iotblue is an Innovative technology company that helps businesses harness the power of IoT in order to build possibilities and achieve opportunities. Through their low-code Cervello loT platform, not only do they provide IoT products but also services that overcome sustainability challenges, promote the democratisation of technology, and enable digital and industrial transformation. Their goal is to empower businesses, professional developers, and citizen developers with the tools they need to seamlessly adopt and use IoT in their everyday operations. They also put their own signature by keeping their products and services always  up to date. Their website is https://iotblue.com/ .  Throughout the internship I was with the backend team and was assigned by my supervisor different tasks in distinct projects according to the sprint. A task may take about several days or weeks accordingly, so every working day I would spend my hours in the office doing part  of the task and upon finishing the task I do a pull request for my branch on bitbucket to have  my task reviewed and merged by my supervisor. Considering the tasks assigned to me, as a start I had to do research on hexagonal architecture and its application as it will be used in all projects. Furthermore, I did an ERD for a new web application, converted this ERD to an actual database using postgresql on pgadmin and worked on its API. For the API, I was assigned to use node.js, javascript language on webstorm and sequelize to link the application to the database. Illustrating, my task was to create a code by javascript that does the features stated in the use case, in which each feature includes mapping the http request to the logic and handling it then the response is shown in the database and the http response.Afterwards, I was assigned to do research on normalization and denormalization as well as a presentation on that topic. In addition, I had a task to add a specific feature in one of the company’s already existing APIs using javascript.After this, my next task was to replace part of an existing API from go language to typescript with the same logic, architecture and responses.For this task I used dbeaver to monitor the effect on database , node on webstorm, typeORM to link application to database and postman to compare responses. Lastly, I  researched and presented the topic of serverless computing.  This internship had a great impact on my skills as it improved my problem solving, presentation, technical, teamwork, flexibility and searching skills by the given tasks. This is as interacting with others, working with a language, library, architecture or an IDE that I have never used before, trying to reach a specific goal were all mandatory in each task. I was very satisfied with the internship experience. As for influencing my future career plans, I think that I got a greater view and wider understanding of the IoT technology as well as the different roles and types of developers which is helping me on setting my mind upon the jobs and fields of work that best suits me and the courses I can take in the future.Being very related to my studies,this experience gave me the chance to have a real life application to my studies. For example, using postgresql that we studied in databases 2 course, javascript, node and http from the networks course, the architectures from the software course, ERD from database 1 course and coding and OOP from CSEN 1, 2, 3 and 4 courses.Finally, I would highly  recommend this company to other GUC students.  To sum up, through the different tasks and the company environment in this internship experience I have enjoyed practising my skills as well as acquiring new ones. In addition to having a real life application on what I have been learning at university and having a wider  understanding of how work life is. Furthermore, I got to know about IoT technology which is  the main specialisation of the company and how it is related to our surroundings. IoT can be shown as a network of physical objects that are embedded with sensors, software, and other technologies for the purpose of connecting and exchanging data with other devices and  systems over the internet which can be used in a wide range of functionalities.  During his  ompany  coun 