Tasks:   
For the first task, it is about having to  get a bank dataset and predict if the customer will leave or stay in the 
bank based on the previous recorded data . It required to d escribe data , then p reprocessing  it, then v isualiz e it, 
then train m odel, evaluatio n and testing . So, I solved the task by g etting a  dataset with customers data in bank 
(age,  has card or not, is current in bank or not) and the features of the customers then get profile repo rt to get all 
characteristics of the data then get the statistics  of every variable then get the correlation between  
every variable with each other to see if they affect the output so that if 2 independent variables have same 
importance on target then we drop one of  them , in correlation, the ones that have most impact h ave a value 
closest to 1. Then afterwards obtain the missing values of the dataset then see if there is any duplicates in the 
dataset so I obtain the max number of duplicates which results in 0 then check if there is any null values.  
Afterwards unused colu mns are dropped as they are features that have no significance in correlation. Then 
visualize data  by having the variable compare to each other in Histogram and Pie Chart then preprocess the data 
by changing value in variables  from character to number (lik e true/false , Male/Female,... etc. to 1/0 ) where it 
changed every country into having its own column and if customer is in it then it's value there will be 1 and all        
5 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
other will be 0.Afterwards I train the model by train -test-split on an element so that we c an test model on a 
separate data that model hasn't seen. Using columns not to values 0 or 1s  
to show normal distribution,  then balance data by class weight by having a small part of data have  
a high importance weight and have model be Sequential and have gradient decent with the reason to have better 
testing for the output and decrease error.  Finally,  we test model and get the prediction and record the accuracy, 
prediction and recall then draw  the RDC graph.  
 
For the second Task, it was to get all ATMs  of Banque Misr and display them in a dashboard. I  worked in a 
team where we got the data of all Bank Misr ATMs by web scrapping using Instant Data Scraper (chrome 
extension)the About Us page in Bank Misr where  it hosted the locations of the ATMs then we ex ported them 
into excel where it had  the entire address in google map URL format with the Latitude and Longitude then we 
checked if the data is accurate on the google map. Then we separated the Latitude and Longitude from the URL 
and put them in separate co lumns  by using Text to column in Excel. Then by using Python, and importing the 
required libraries(geopandas) and excel sheet, after that we read the shape files by using the geopandas, then 
check for null values to drop then we plot the polygon  in shapefi le in a geometry then we find the polygon that 
contains each point then we put them into a list with the names  of the columns that we will use, then we check  
the points inside the geometry with that of the polygon , and  if it matches  ,we put the data in th e suitable list and  
if it doesn't match , null is putted onto the list with their index in a variable to be dropped afterwards. Then we 
put values in the list into columns then we export the data into an excel sheet to be used as in a dashboard which 
we us ed PowerBI to visualize and display the Dashboard where we imported the final excel sheet into PowerBI  
then having filters and slices to separate the data and putting it on a map to display and visualize  the ATMs of 
Banque Misr in Egypt.  
 
For the third task, It was a task to get the closest ATM for every specific ATM and show it on a dashboard , 
using the sheet from task2 and a formula taken from the internet (Haversine formula) , me and my team were 
able to get for each ATM the closest and  2nd closest and 3rd closest ATM by getting the distance in KM then 
sorting it then only taking the least 3 distances corresponding ATM  then we turn the distances into meters and 
put them into columns then export it into excel. Afterward we showed and visu alized  the data in a dashboard 
using PowerBI where we imported the excel sheet into then separating the data by filters and  slices then putting 
it on a main map to display all ATMs then we made another map to display the ATM that is closest to the  ATM 
on the main map then we made a 3rd map to display the ATM that is the 2nd closest to the ATM on the main  
map with labels of their distance.  
 
 
 
Internship Evaluation:  
 
Personally , I belie ve that I have obtained a much needed knowledge , skill and creativity by the internship for 
my future  as well as let  me know of to pics unfamiliar to me  and how re lated th ey are to business , since  at first 
I had no concept  of the topics but after having th e mentors teach us and consulting them whenever a problem 
occurred  and have a meeting every day to discuss the internship pro gress , I am now familiar of the concept of 
machine learning  in theory and in practice and how to select the cr iteria of which machine learning  to use based 
on analyzing  the data to have better predic tion for the output ,and am  also now able to obtain the data in chunks  
by learning how to scrap data as well as getting datasets  for testing models, analyze  the data  and compare it 
with each other  and remove the null values , then visualize the data  to have an i dea of what the data is about 
and how each feature of the d ata compares to each other , then  train a model from a handful of models of 
machine learning to predict outcomes relating t o the data  it's been given ,after that  see if t hat prediction is 
accurate and precise or not  then visualize the data in a dashboard . I personally  believe  that the internship was        
6 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
satisfactory  since the  knowledge I obtained will help me in the future in my c areer plans and for de cision 
maki ng. This  internship correlates to my studies as I have been using Python which is a programming language  
related to my major in the internship for dealing with the data as well as using Excel. Overall,  I have confidence 
in saying that the time I spent in the internship was rewarding and benefi cial. 
 
Conclusion:  
Finally,  as far as I'm concerned,  this internship p rovided for me great valuable lessons  and learning experience , 
where I learned the concept of machine learning both in theory and in practice  and how they are related to the 
bank in a business  prospect where I am able t o fetch data by we b scrap ing them and ho w to get datasets and 
analyze  ,visualize and  use in machine learning models  for which I can train and test them to s ee what data the y 
predict. I  am now able to visualize  any data in e xcel in a dashboard using PowerBI than ks to the internship . 
This internship has paved the path  for me for other possible car eer fields,  I did not know of before I took the 
intern ship. Considering that being able to predict future data and visualize th em to people that are not related 
to the career  are important aspects to be in the to p of the indust ry, which teaches new techniques  and being 
innovative and how to be analyze  the complex problem  to be able to solve  it effectively .  
 
 
Please rate your satisfaction with the internship experience.  (Very satisfied)  
☐ Very satisfied           ☐ Somehow satisfied             ☐ Neutral       ☐ Somehow dissatisfied        ☐ Very dissatisfied  
Would you recommend this internship to other colleagues? (Yes)  
☐ Yes                         ☐ No                                    ☐ Maybe  
 
Reference s: (If any external sources are used, provide references for any information quoted)  
 
Appendices: (Upon availability, charts, pictures, etc.)  
 
For the first Task           
7 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
8 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
9 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
10 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
11 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
12 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
13 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
14 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
15 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
16 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
17 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
18 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
 
 
 
For the second Task   
       
19 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
 
       
20 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
21 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
22 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
 
 
       
23 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
 
 
       
24 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
       
25 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
 
 
Disclosure / Confidentiality Agreement  
 
This agreement is to acknowledge that the information provided by any company / organization during the 
internship is unique to this business and confidential.  
Therefore, anyone reading this agreement agrees not to disclose any o f the information provided during the 
internship without notifying & taking the employer’s / supervisor’s approval.  
 