activities to provide exceptional banking services to individuals and corporate clients. In accordance with the privatization policy that began in 2005, the bank purchased 90% of Misr International Bank's stock for EGP 2.5 billion, allowing it to become Egypt's second-largest private bank in 2011. The bank built a number of subsidiaries in several specialist industries, which contributed to the bank's best standing in Egypt's financial and banking operations. The QNB ALAHLI vision is built on developing long-term relationships with clients and providing them with a diverse variety of products and services in order to fulfill the changing needs of individuals, corporations, and SMEs.  My team and I started the internship by learning the fundamentals of OOP and famous code architecture patterns like the Model-View-Controller, Master-Slave, Peer-to-peer pattern and briefs of many other patterns. Then, we were assigned to build a fully functioning website for a library using code-first approach in Model-View-Controller patterns. We used ASP.Net C# as our backend for creating our models for our books, author and user creating the database schemas and generating it using the code without manually writing any SQL. In addition, we created APIs for every function we needed for the website in the controlling. Afterwards, we started using Ajax JavaScript for the backend of the website connecting the website with our APIs. Finally, we used HTML and Bootstrap for building the frontend of the website. This project took us our 4 weeks of the internship and our supervisor was very proud of our outcome for the library as it achieved all CRUD operations, search, login, security, log sheet, using tokens, and different levels of authority with different actions.    In the duration of this internship, I have gained a lot of new experiences. First of all, working in a new team with new faces and being collaborative with each other having the same target which is achieving the best product that satisfies our client (our supervisor). Secondly, having to research everything was a bit hard to express what you really want in the Google’s search bar, but I learned how to search with the right keywords and not always depending on our supervisor as he had work to do. This internship exceeded my expectations as I made new connections and hands-on experience in real life work situations. The most related course to this internship is the ACL course, although we are using different programming language, but it is the same concept and the same pattern just different syntax.  Finally, I'd want to thank QNB AlAhli for this wonderful chance and experience. I think I have reached a new turning point in my life. I've learnt a lot of useful stuff, both technical and personal. I was able to extend my network and witness how a large team works effectively to produce consistently and successfully in order to revolutionize the banking sector in Egypt and around the world.  References:  https://www.qnb.com/sites/qnb/qnbegypt/page/en/enoverview.html 