Tasks:  (Not less than 100 words)  
We created business reports using IBM Cognos 11 to help the customer view the report data 
using prompt variables to help key decision makers to take their decisions. Queries were created by us, the developers, using SQL and IBM FrameWork manager. Relationships between database tables and entities to retrieve the data from the database IBM DB2. Afterthat, the SQL packages gets imported on IBM cognos then using the tools in IBM cognos the reports are created. Used IBM Maximo suite to get relations between tables to write the SQL code and IBM Framework manager. Used IBM Maximo to create workorders and maintenance plane to test the reports. Used Python to write automation scripts for IBM Maximo suite.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Internship Evalua tion: (Not less than 100 words) (This section should answer the following questions in 
the form of a paragraph)  
 
What skills do you think that you have gained from the internship? Did the internship meet your expectations? If 
not, please explain why? How d o you think the internship will influence your future career plans? How do you 
think the internship activities that you carried out are correlated with your studies? Which of the academic courses that you have taken in GUC were the most related to your int ernship?  
 
Database skills, Programming skills, Automation scripts and Presentation skills.  I expected to 
customize in java classes of the IBM Maximo suite, however I used python to write the 
automation scripts. The internship met my expectations in the IB M cognos part. I gained an 
experience how projects are handled and how to work with your team to deliver the task. This helped me to develop my soft skills. Also I gained more experience in the programming and 
database. What I learned in the university was  used in my work. CSEN 401 and CSEN 102 
CSEN 202 their content helped me in my tasks.
 
 
Conclusi on: (Not less than 100 words)  (A summary of key conclusions derived from the internship 
experience. general observations about the sector in which your internship company/institution operates) 
 
At the end of this internship, I have worked on IBM business/reporting solutions such as IBM 
Maximo which made me work in a business oriented tasks and deal with business database issues to serve the aim of business, I also  worked on IBM Cognos Analytics to create 
dashboards, do business forecasting and mainly create reports to create a clear business views 
for the administrators and employees, worked also on Cognos framework manager ,that 
produces the data extracted from Maximo database which required a deep understanding of the 
concepts of database relations to ensure the correctness of reports produced to help in proper 
decision taking.
 
 
Please rate your satisfaction with the internship experience.  
Very satisfied           ☐ Somehow satisfied             ☐ Neutral       ☐ Somehow dissatisfied        ☐ Very 
dissatisfied  
Would you recommend this internship to other colleagues?   Yes                         ☐ No                                    ☐ Maybe  
 
Refer ence s: (If any external sources are used, provide references for any information quoted)  
 Appendices: 
(Upon availability, charts, pictures, etc.)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discl osure / Confidentiality Agreement 
 
This agreement is to acknowledge that the information provided by any company / organization during the 
internship is unique to this business and confidential.  
Therefore, anyone reading this agreement agrees not to disclose any of the information provided during the 
internship without notifying & taking the employer’s / supervisor’s approval.  
   
