Tasks :  I was assigned along with a group of my colleagues to a project which was working on a flight optimization system .The optimization algorithm itself was written  by another company and integrated with us and all we had to do was to build a web platform where the users can enter their inputs. For the first part of my internship I had to get familiar with the platform we were going to use which was Laravel as well the language which was PHP, as it was my first time working with them . I had to watch online tutorials in addition to the suggested course links that were provided to us by the company itself.  After finishing my research , I started working on the task I was assigned to, which was in the backend part of the web platform. First and foremost , they gave us information about all the tables along with their properties , and each team member working on this task was assigned a group of tables to handle. I began by using MySQL in order to create those tables in the database along with all their corresponding attributes ; I created every table and entered its attributes , specified their types , and also specified all the foreign keys and primary keys. After I was done with creating the tables in the database , I was supposed to create a Model class for each table along with a Controller class and a Router class which included the routes . I created the simple get , post , update , delete and restore methods . I learnt from them a new way of handling a delete method , ,as instead of permanently deleting the record, they just hid it in order to facilitate the restoring method , should we like to restore that record. After building my APIs , I tested whether they were working correctly or not by using Postman.  As for how my working day looked like , I spent my day attending SCRUM meetings, then discussing with my colleagues the task that should be done within that day , then working on that task , and at the end of the day I submitted my work on Bitbucket in order for it to be integrated with my colleagues’ work.   Internship 