Tasks
The internship started on 24 July 2022 and ended on 15 September 2022. The work was shared among three
team members. We worked together remotely for a duration of 8 weeks - 30 hours per week - under the
supervision of Dr . Mervat Abu-Elkheir at the GUC (German University in Cairo).  The first 1-2 weeks
mainly involved studying the most recent literature on the subject, and how could the dif ferent language
models be utilized to generate poetry . In parallel to that, we started with collecting the needed data for our
intended task from dif ferent online resources and cleaned the data by removing noise and redundant
information. Additional scraping was done to fill in missing values and to add a new needed column to the
dataset. The data engineering was conducted multiple times over the internship duration; whenever the need
for more pre-processing is realised. Next, we experimented with training two dif ferent transformer -based
language model architectures: an encoder -decoder model and a decoder -only model to generate poetry based
on a prompted meter , and on a prompted topic.
1
On the Opportunities and Risks of Foundation ModelsBesides the primary tasks, I was mainly responsible for training the encoder -decoder model and further
transforming the data to be passed to the models. While my teammate took on the responsibility of the
decoder -only model. All the work was implemented in Python, employing mainly the Transformers library
2
.
After training the models and collecting the generated poems, we contacted experts in the classical
Arabic poetry to evaluate and judge the quality of the generated poems against Manurung’ s three
preconditions for successful AI-generated poems: (i) grammaticality , (ii) meaningfulness and (iii)
poeticness.
3
Two surveys were sent out: one including poems generated by the two models based on a prompted topic,
and another including poems generated based on meters. Additionally , we employed existing automatic tools
to test how much our model adheres to meters and measure their accuracy .
Finally , during the last week of the internship, we collected the results of the evaluations and compared them.
We compiled the findings and shared them in a paper we submitted  - and was later accepted - to the
WANLP2022
4
workshop in EMNLP2022. Examples of the
generated poetry are shown in the Appendix.
