Activities
As an intern at Orange, I was assigned a number of tasks to work on during the month of
July. As a start,  my mentor “Mohamed Gamal” gave us a detailed description of the team and its
functionalities as well as explaining the teams’  technical tasks required to work on. Access
Conver ged Transmission Support team was responsible of monitoring the network sites, for
example the one in the picture:
The tasks were to be performed  in groups of 2, we were assigned the following:
-Technical support and operation (L1 & L2) of all MW  links elements related to Ericsson,
NEC and Alcatel-Lucent suppliers.
Ericsson, NEC, and Alcatel-Lucent are hardware suppliers for the sites that create the network
such as
Routers, hubs, switches, and bridges. These
companies create a monitoring software for
its hardwares to track the dysfunctionalities of the hardwares or if any malfunctions appear that
can af fect the network strength. Our responsibility was to track and supervise  the alarms on a
daily basis and report to the mentor for the support team to solve the issue.
- Responsible for tracking the repeated problems related to MW  links and IP  traffic
capacity , then finding the appropriate solution.
The softwares mentioned above, help in identifying problems that can af fect the IP  traffic
capacity which for example, is af fected during huge crowds like in a stadium or a concert, which
in this case requires immediate action in increasing the site capacities for enhancing the
network’ s KPIs.
- Preparing job plans for executing capacity upgrades actions over network elements for
data IP  swapping projects and enhancing network's capacity .
As engineering interns, we were required to provide a full plan on how the capacity upgrades
will take place based on our network knowledge and what we’ve learned in university courses.
- Ability to plan, schedule, conduct, and coordinate transmission projects.
- Responsible for monitoring and reporting NMS and transmission links daily , weekly
and monthly reports.
PS. THE DA TA CHAR TS AND SOFTW ARES USED ARE  HIGHL Y CONFIDENTIAL.
As an access transmission team consisting of daily network management and control,
another team was responsible for analysis of network ef ficiency and customer satisfaction.
Therefore, we were responsible for creating detailed reports about findings and issues tackled
during a week or a month.
“Life at Orange” as  the employees call it, was exceptional. Like any employee, we arrive
at the of fice in Smart Village at 9:00, but unlike any other environment, people were keen on
spending the breakfast time together , socializing and motivating each other for another day at
work. HR were very great at keeping the interns motivated and spreading good ener gy, as well as
helping us to discover how the job industry is functioning. On days, they or ganize sessions that
explain how to build a professional linkedIn profile and CV . They or ganized tournaments in ping
pong and playstation to allow the interns to build connections and enjoy the training time while
being able to finish tasks and learn with motivation. The work day ends at 5:00pm , but
employees are always looking forward to another day at Orange.