Tasks
As a data analyst (customer experience) intern, the company provides us with laptops.
Then, I was assigned a task to work on during the month of August. The task assigned by my
mentor “May Okba” was full stack development of a web page using Node Js, SQL, and
Angular , that shows the user feedback in the form of graphs. The SQL  databases created by the
neighboring teams included:
IMSI (
International Mobile
Subscriber  Identifier
), MSISDN
(
Mobile Station Integrated Services Digital Network
),
Call drop rates, etc.. The frontend
consisted of 2 search bars one for the IMSI and the other for MSISDN to find each user ’s info.
Following that, graphs or trends appear to show rates of several conditions the users get
encountered with, like call drops, the device has no signal (in this case the device details are
displayed), or  data service drops. Using specific calculations, a feedback alert will get displayed
showing the state of each customer based on the trends shown. This web page is created for other
teams to easily visualize problems faced by customers and try to trace where the technical issues
arose from. This is important for the loyalty of customers and to avoid unsatisfiable service.
PS. THE DA TA USED AND WEB P AGE (CODE SNIPPETS) CREA TED IS HIGHL Y
CONFIDENTIAL
A typical example of a working day as a full stack developer intern at Vodafone consists
of arriving at work at 9 am. I start by giving a brief to my mentor and teammates of the work
done and work left to do. Then I proceed by continuing the task and communicating with the rest
of the team during the day to keep up with each other . Then I check the outlook mail for online
courses provided for all the employees to improve our knowledge and skills in various topics.
Following that,  HR or ganizes daily events for all the interns to attend and socialize such as
“Chat with the CEO”,  “CV  Writing and Interview Tips”,  and “Mental Wellbeing Sessions”.
There was also a field trip for all the VodaNation members which was a Cycling and joggingevent at Cairo University . Moreover ,  HR or ganizes events such as “Bring your kids to work” for
the employees and allow the interns to volunteer in them and provide certificates for that at the
end.
Internship 