activities I engagedin during my internship at the German International University (GIU). I was a .NETsoftware engineer intern building the new university website. The most significantreason for which I accepted this position is that I'm looking for a chance to implementthe theory information I've acquired during my studies in the MET department and thewillingness to learn about the process of developing a lasting project Real users' hand,that is. This report's initial section will include a concise summary of the organization'soperation. I'll then discuss the projects and duties I was given to complete during myinternship. The area after that would be for the internship evaluation. I'll wrap up thisreport with a succinct summary.German International University (GIU) is a private international university withits headquarters in the New Administrative Capital. Currently, hundreds of studentsare served by seven distinct faculties. I worked with numerous new tools andtechnologies during my internship in the website team, which undoubtedly improvedmy skills in many areas. Initially, I have some experience working with the Microsoftframeworks like .NET, which has recently gained greater popularity in the webdevelopment sector. The programming language “C#”, which is used to create a .NETapplication, has also been introduced to me. I have also implemented an API that cangather data from the database and make it available via API that other working teamscan use to get the needed data. I was also one of two leaders of this team which gaveme experience in managing a team with several developers and tasks. So we evaluatedeach member of the team as the members are not from the same study year. Then, weassigned tasks based on the evaluation. I also supervised them when integrating thetasks.The internship exceeded my expectations as I learned a lot of tools andtechnologies in a small period of time. I also learned software product managementprinciples and UI/UX guidelines. The best thing about the internship is that it washighly related to my field and studies. I used the Agile method taught to me in theSoftware Engineering course. Also, I created and managed databases which I learnedabout in two database courses: CSEN 501, and CSEN 503.In conclusion, it was a good experience to have this internship. I had the chanceto work on a software project that was intended for actual users. I also have a tonne ofexperience with several tools that are frequently used in software engineering,especially in our software market in Egypt. As valuable, the additional technicalknowledgegainedduringtheinternshipmightbeconsideredtobeprojectmanagement experience.