Tasks: the internship was a backend development internship using C# and MySQL.  
The first task I preformed was to write a creating the da tabase in MySQL and creating multiple procedures to 
preform joining of tables and CRUD operation (create, delete, update, select (read)) and views to see the required 
tables data then I created a win form application in visual studio C# and connected it to  the database and used 
grids, text files and buttons to view my database using ad o.net framework. The second task I preformed was to 
write  code first program in C# using Entity framework. First it was to research it. I checked the Entity framework 
document ation while watching tutorial on YouTube while my supervisor and team helped me with problems as 
they use Entity Framework for their work project . I also learned LINQ and implement it in Entity framework as it        
2 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
allowed me to use and create SQL statement in  C# Then I was given a task to do the first task with Entity 
framework and migrations to create the database, tables and views. I learned a new framework and why they use 
entity framework as the controllers  and the contexts allow us to make the use the MV C design pattern and make 
large project navigable as well as migrations being a way that we can trace back to old version of code if 
something get deleted by mistake it is not lost. My third task was to use swagger and API instead of win form to 
test my fu nctions and code and document it. I learned how to create rest APIs and how to document them and 
using webapplication.my last task was to research about SignalR as it is very important in IOT as it allow code 
to run real -time. I learned how to implement it  and how it and triggers in SQL may be used to make both code 
in C# and database both real -time. Then I was given a task of creating a small chat room using signalR.I used 
Microsoft MYSQL and Visual Studio Code for my internship. I spend my internship with  my the backend team 
in the company where I obesevered them working in the companies projects as they were also explaining to me 
the project and the tools they use and their code efficiency and how to improve mine then they gave me the 
tasks mentioned abov e to test my understanding of the concepts.  
 
Internship 