activities A typical day at this internship would start at around 9 am at the office and I would turn on my computer and continue working from what I left off last day. Throughout the internship I was working on a desktop application using the .NET framework like WPF this application would be used by instructors to simulate an oil field for the trainees to study on, the instructor would have access to the simulation of every oil field and would be able to change the numbers in the trainee simulation to see how the trainee would react, and the trainee had a timer in which he would have to execute these tasks or else they would lose points. These simulations were run from real time dataset that were provided from an MSql database. My supervisors left me learn from my own and make mistakes which I really appreciated I was able to research and learn almost everything by myself and that really raised my confidence, they would only help me when necessary and provide me with tips on were to learn and how to. The work I did at the company is confidential and cannot be provided. Evaluation of the internship The skills I gained were divide into two. Firstly, how to deal with real time data as efficiently as possible and build a smooth running application that is easy to use and navigate through. The other skill I learned was how to research a new topic and self-learn, I gained confidence in my skill and ability to find solutions to problems without outside help. While I am not particularly interested in an application development career, it was helpful to understand it so I can be able to make a choice of which job to choose in the future. This internship correlated to a project that I did in university that involved building a website for a bookstore that also used the .NET framework it also correlated to the Database courses as we used SQL and queries. The company environment is very serious and intense so I would only recommend this company to someone that is able to work under this kind of environment. Conclusion The internship gave me confidence in myself and my ability to self-learn it also taught me a lot about the .NET framework, database building and dealing with real time data. The Oil and field sector is not a very popular sector for most software engineers and there are plenty of opportunities there to work on massive projects that would boost their career, it’s a very intense sector that requires the person to be attentive and to work hard but it is also very rewarding. This experience has really gave me a boost in experience that will help me chase whatever I want in my career. 