Activities We were assigned plenty of tasks across the different field that are available in the company this includes data cleaning and formatting, using Dockers and containerization, using Linux to build virtual machines and finally we were assigned to build a business idea from scratch making its business plan and building its cloud framework. We came to the office every morning at 9 and we an employee came from a sector of this business that would introduce us to their work and then we were given tasks that were related to this work that we would do individually after being done with our work for the day, we would have some bonding time and go the cafeteria, later we would be given practical advice about our careers by different leaders in the company we leave at around 4. We mainly used Dockers, Kuberenetes, Linux, Python data libraries like pandas and NumPy. All company material is confidential and we are not allowed to share. Internship evaluation This internship really exceeded my expectations I gained lots of experience and confidence mainly in understanding topics that I have no prior knowledge in like cloud technology, it demystified these large concepts for me and I feel motivated to explore these fields more. I gained skills in the programs that I used especially Dockers that I find very useful. This internship showed me that a healthy company environment is very important to me and that I especially care about a place that will help me grow and be a better person. A lot of the knowledge I gained was built on topics that I learned in university mainly virtualization and storage management the work built on these topics heavily. I would recommend any student to apply even though the application process was long and difficult, it was worth every moment spent on it and I will never forget this experience. Conclusion I gained experience and skills in programs like Docker, Kuberenetes and Python data libraries. This internship also helped me build confidence in my work and understand what I would like to do in my career and what kind of company environment I want to be in. The cloud field is one of the largest growing sectors with billions of dollars of investments every year as company servers go away from physical into cloud servers the field keeps on growing exponentially, there are not enough engineers that are introduced to this field so it’s less competitive and there is more opportunities to get higher positions and flourish. 