activitiesIn the internship, we were trying to enhance the user experience for the users who attempt to
transfer their data from the Facebook application to other platforms such as Google Photos,
Dropbox, and Google drive. The main goals of the internship were to record some data about
the usage of the “transfer your data” feature, analyze and visualize this data, and simplify the
data transfer flow for the users. My internship project was to be finalized in 10 weeks and had
stretch goals to be worked on in the last two weeks.
At the beginning of the internship, I met with my intern manager . He discussed with me my
internship project plan and showed me the timeline for the tasks of the project. He also
gathered some information about my usual role in a work team and my preferred working
hours. After that, I was directly working with my intern manager and three team members
who were my peers. The progress of the project was discussed each week in a meeting with
my intern manager , another one with my peers, and a third meeting with the entire team. By
the end of each week, I used to write posts for the team to show them the results achieved so
far. Sometimes we had team gatherings after working hours to do some funny activity .
The internship onboarding happened in the first week of the internship. During this week, I
received my tech equipment, finished their set-up, and started to learn about the company's
internal tools. I also completed some of the starter tasks to get used to the codebase and the
tools used there. In the second and third weeks of the internship, I was working on recording
the sources from which the users came to transfer their data. This recording was done for the
Facebook web, Facebook mobile, and Facebook lite. I learned new programming languages
and frameworks such as Hack and Ent framework. I also performed some tasks using React
js. In the fourth week, I continued to record the same data in more parts of the codebase using
Hack and React js as well. In the fifth week, I worked on visualizing the recorded data using
one of the company’ s internal tools and wrote the queries for data retrieving using SQL. In
the sixth week, I started to enhance the flow of the user's steps to transfer the data from the
Facebook website when he/she comes from external platforms. In the seventh week, I
enhanced the flow for transferring albums from the Facebook website to other platforms. In
the eighth week, I did the same for the Facebook videos. During these three weeks, I was
working with React js. In the ninth and tenth weeks, I enhanced the user flow for the
Facebook mobile using the “Hack” programming language. I also created tests for these
flows to ensure everything is working fine. In the last two weeks, I started to work on one of
the stretch goals of the internship. The goal was to add some connections to the tool by
changing some code written in Java related to the internship project. Unfortunately , I didn’ t
finish it before leaving. All the code changes made to finish the tasks were submitted forreview first. The managers and peers had to review my code first and either leave comments
on the submitted work or accept it. After their acceptance, I had the chance to deliver it to the
codebase.
Internship 