Internship Title: AI and Big Data intern Company / Organization Name: Vodafone  In the summer of 2022, I took my first internship at Vodafone Egypt with the intent of gaining experience, learning about data science, getting a taste of working at a multinational company and networking with people in my field of work. This report will be specifying the skills I have acquired, the tasks I was given and summarize my whole internship experience in the next 4 paragraphs. In the first paragraph I will be describing the company that I worked for, the second paragraph will be listing the tasks that I have performed, following this paragraph I will be explaining what I have gained from this internship and last but not least, end this report with a  conclusion about my whole internship experience.  Vodafone is a leading technology communications company in Europe and Africa founded in July 17, 1984, Newbury, United Kingdom and launched in Egypt in 1998 under its former name “Click GSM”. Their main aim is building a sustainable digital society that is inclusive for all, where technology and connectivity are enhancing the future and improving people's lives. Vodafone offers a range of market leading mobile and fixed-line connectivity services for both consumers and businesses. Furthermore, they partner with technology firms and other organization to provide customers with outstanding digital experiences. Vodafone also provides  an E-wallet service that allows consumers to deposit and withdraw cash through ATMs  During my time at Vodafone Egypt, I was given a few tasks in order to get to experience the work life of a data scientist. In the beginning, we were given a data science with python course to study and a few topics to look up including unsupervised machine learning and clustering models. To make sure that we understood these topics, we were given a dataset and were asked to clean, explore, preprocess and use different clustering algorithms to segment the customers and give insights about each cluster. We were then given our main task which was “recommendation and geomarketing”, where we were given a dataset that we applied different clustering algorithms on in order to find the socioeconomic class per location and give insights about the customers that are in each class. Finally, we were asked to prepare a presentation about  our work and present it to the data science team.  Due to this internship, I have gained teamwork skills since our main task was a group task and work was distributed evenly on us. I also believe that I have gained some networking skill not only, did I get to network with the employees, but also with fellow interns thanks to the intern activities that Vodafone offered. I have also acquired self-learning skills since I am new to the field and did not know much about it. The internship definitely met my expectations and gave me a chance to discover a possible future career path and get to know other career paths as well because of the sessions given out by Vodafone team leaders where they talked about their field of work. The correlation between my studies and my internship activities is that I was using my learnings from python and other programming courses in order to write my code on google collab and also math courses in order to understand the clustering algorithms and the data. A few  