Tasks:    
I performed several tasks in this internship. On a daily basis, I would collect audios from a TV series using 
Audacity. I would name each file according to the actor id and emotion that I felt in their tone. I had 6 emotion 
categories which were fearful, happy, neutral, sad and surprised. Later I would upload the audios to google drive 
which was shared with my teammates and in an excel sheet we would all write our audio file name along with 
other parameters. After I a m done uploading my audios, I would listen to my teammate's audios so I could 
categorize their audios according to the 6 emotions. I later on added my categorization to the excel sheet. At the 
end of the day each audio would get four labels, one label from  each teammate. This was done to get accurate 
and precise results. I later on did a python coding task to read the excel sheet which was in csv format and get 
the label that was done the most for each audio. This code created a new csv file which renamed t he audio file     
2  
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt   
   
  
 and wrote the final label in another column. I also did a task which removed silence 
and background noise from the audio files using python code so when they're fed to the AI it won't affect the 
results. At the end of the internship I collect ed a total of 500 audios.  
  
Internship Evaluation:   
In this internship I gained more programming skills using python by doing research and learning more about it. 
It was important for us to use python as it has a lot of features used for machine learning . I also gained skills to 
use audacity software to edit and crop audio files. The internship exceeded my expectations and it introduced me 
to the field of machine learning and of the importance of collecting datasets. I now know more about both of 
those to pics which helped open up more career paths that I wasn't aware of. The internship correlates with my 
studies as it was mainly about machine learning and coding.  The courses that related most to my internship 
were "Introduction to Computer Science"," Intr oduction to Media Engineering "and "Signal & System Theory".  
  
Conclusion:   
In conclusion, the Emotion Recognition from Speech Signals provided me with knowledge in one of the most 
important and highly growing fields in computer engineering. Machine lear ning is used almost in every software 
that exists today. I gained a lot of experience that include both programming and non -programming software 
that relate to my major. Overall, the internship helped me understand the term 'Machine learning' and to be abl e 
to do work that relates to it. It also showed me the importance of data collection to have huge datasets to get 
more accurate results from the machine.  
  
Please rate your satisfaction with the internship experience.  
☐ Very satisfied            ☐ Somehow  satisfied             ☐ Neutral       ☐ Somehow dissatisfied        ☐ Very 
dissatisfied   
Would you recommend this internship to other colleagues?   
☐ Yes                         ☐ No                                    ☐ Maybe  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
      
3  
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt   
   
  
   
   
  
Appendices:   
Coding task 1 - Collecting statistics and  editing data according to majority  
  
    
4  
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt   
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
5  
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt   
   
  
   
    
  
Coding task 2 – Silence removal and noise ca ncellation from audio  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Disclosure / Confidentiality Agreement   
  
This agreement is to acknowledge that the information provided by any company / organization during the 
internship is unique to this business and confidential.  
Therefore, anyone reading this agreement agrees not to disclose any of the information provided  during the 
internship without notifying & taking the employer’s / supervisor’s approval.  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
6  
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt   
   
  
    
Acceptance Email:  
  
    
  
  