activities I did in the internship and evaluate my experience as well as a short conclusion summarising everything. I participated in this internship opportunity under the management and supervision of the GUC and more particularly the MET department within the faculty of engineering with direct supervision from Prof. Mohammed Abdel-Megeed Salem and Eng. Sarah Khaled. The German University in Cairo or as it is commonly known the GUC is one of the biggest and most infamous universities in Egypt and the MENA region with connections and partnerships with multiple universities abroad as well as another campus operating in Berlin, Germany that hosts hundreds of exchange students every semester across all different faculties and departments for both undergraduate and postgradate studies alike. Within this internship I contributed in different ways to the construction of the dataset for an algorithm to recognise different emotions from speech clips in Egyptian Arabic. Although the idea in theory is not new there’s a severe lack of documentation and research or libraries/dataset for Egyptian Arabic. Only 1 is publicly available and it has a very limited amount of samples and emotions which is not enough to construct a well-functioning, reliable algorithm hence the need for the dataset we worked to construct. A big part of my internship was to record audio clips from Egyptian Arabic media such as TV shows and movies depicting certain emotions (in our case we covered the 6 emotions: Neutral, Happy, Sad, Angry, Surprised and Fearful). I did so using audacity recording the audio from my PC and then trimming it to avoid any pauses, excessive background noises, any conflicting emotions or essentially anything that would make the recording’s intended emotion hard to distinguish or amigious.I then would label these recordings with the agreed upon naming conventions we were all following showing the actor/actress’s name, the emotion intended and a number to keep track of all the clips. These clips were uploaded to a google drive accessible to all of us in designated folders to make them more easily accessible and recorded in a google sheet showing all the relevant details about the clip so we could keep track of all the clips we have. After I upload my clips and record them I’d then go through all my colleagues’ clips and give them my own label to reduce errors with each of us giving their opinion about eachother’s clips and hence we could then decide if there is any disagreement on which emotion is shown which emotion to use on the label by seeing which emotion was voted for my most. Among our tasks was also coding a program to access the google sheet and read the data in it to go through the entire sheet and for each entry look at each of the members’ entries for the emotion they think is depicted and compare them then decide which one has the majority and replace it as the main label in the sheet. And also another program to collect some stats about our dataset which would read the google sheet and go through it recording some statistics such as how many of the clips are males as compared to females and how many clips there are of each emotion and then record these statistics in a text file it creates. For these two tasks I used Visual studio code as my IDE and Python as the programming language and learned how to use libraries such as csv and pandas in python which I had no experience with prior to this internship. There were also two other tasks which were to code two programs one to remove silence from the .wav audio clips and another to reduce background noise as doing such in audacity manually for every clip was a very time consuming and inefficient task. I used spyder and Visual studio code to code the two programs and they were also done using Python as a language and I used libraries such as scipy.io , wavfile , noisereduce, math, logging, numpy, librosa and soundfile most of which I hadn’t been exposed to before and so I had to research how to use and utilise them best to accomplish the task at hand and then save the output .wav file as a new file with an updated name. Overall I’d say I learned a lot of valuale skills from the internship such as improving my teamwork and coordinating with my coworkers to conribute towards a bigger project as well as the technical skills I mentioned since the field of computer science and engineering is an ever-evolving field constantly improving and changing so being exposed to as many different libraries,modules,programs etc. is something I believe I will always need to be doing and will definetly prove helpful in my career. The internship met my expectations as I came into it looking to get an insight into what was previously undiscovered territory for me which is the field of machine learning which is precisely what I got out of it getting a basic introduction into a fascinating world I have always wanted to learn more about. This internship will affect my career path as it has given me a slight idea into machine learning but also made me more eager to know a lot more about it so I believe it will be a field I will be looking to explore further and more intensively in the future. The activites I performed during the internship were directly linked with my studies as they introduced me to a new type of algorithms which is data hungry algorithms as explained by prof. Mohamed who explained them showing how they are different from all the algorithms I have studied so far which were always right or always wrong as they have a percentage of accuracy that isn’t 100% but improves as you provide it with more data. The internship was related to a lot of the courses I have studied which taught me more and more about coding and algorithms and I had to use all my information regarding that to code the programs we needed and also I was somewhat familiar with audacity due to the DMET courses I had taken previously.This is an internship I would definetly recommend to other students because of what I explained with it being an excellent entry point to machine learning for anyone interested in the field.  To sum up, this internship opportunity has taught me a lot and given me an inside look I very much desired into the world of machine learning which prior to this I had very limited information about and I am very grateful to have been given the chance to learn about something new and interesting while also practicing such integral skills I would most definetly need in the future in my career regardless of what particular path I choose to follow such as teamwork, coordination as well as the ability to research and look for answers to fill the blanks in my information when needed and ofcourse the technical skills from the programs and libraries I got to deal with and use to achieve the tasks I was assigned. 