tasks:
My day at work started at 9 am. From 9 to 10 I set myself up for the day and check
for mails or any complaints about malfunctions in any server. At 10 am a meeting is held with
the supervisors to discuss what was achieved in the previous day and the tasks to be done
today. The meeting ends at 11 am and work continues until 2 pm for the lunch break. The
lunch break finishes at 3 pm then I attend some sessions that help me gain more skills to be
able to do my job better. The session ends at 4 pm and I work till 5 pm. I was assigned to
multiple tasks during my internship which were setting and keeping up various operating
systems, supplying business infrastructure, which is a company division that provides a
foundation for running a business, creating and maintaining local networks in ways that
enhance overall performance, maintain server and desktop infrastructure throughout the
company's many locations and to make it easier for mission-critical applications to access,
servers must be kept stable and optimised to the greatest extent possible to name a few.
Other tasks also included, working with other engineers to talk about the system problems
that have been found or possible servers that could cause infrastructure issues, giving a
performance report on the servers and being knowledgeable about system faults and
offering ideas to fix them. I used a lot of new tools and technologies in my work such as:
zabbix which isan open source software tool to monitorIT infrastructure such as networks,
servers, virtual machines and cloud services, It displays the server status so that we can
determine whether there are memory issues on the server and sends us real-time email
alerts if something is wrong. To ensure a high level of security CSF/LFD was used
(configServer security and firewall (CSF), login failure daemon (LFD)). It is a firewall that
blocks suspicous IP addresses on the server. Moreover, Our data was backed up andsynchronised using the Rsync protocol. Additionally, we used Ansible, a server setup and
deployment tool.
Internship 