Tasks:  A key factor in cybersecurity is learning all the concepts, modules, and fields 
that are within it. That’s where I started first during my journey in SIGMA IT where they offered valuable 
information about cybersecurity.  After learning all the necessary in formation and learning the concepts of 
cybersecurity, I worked on real life cybersecurity scenarios. This was extremely important because it offered 
first-hand experience in the field which allowed me to indulge in cybersecurity through an IT company that 
offers it as one of its services. I worked on monitoring the security of the system whether computer or website.        
5 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
In addition, I worked on testing how secure a system is and how to penetrate it. Furthermore, I analyzed any 
backdoors or vulnerabilities the s ystem might have and how to fix them. During the internship, I was writing 
some cybersecurity scripts from scratch this was useful given my background as an MET student. Another use 
for my MET background and a very important thing in cybersecurity was revi ewing the code and optimizing it. 
One of the main tasks was to remain anonymous because it is a key concept of cybersecurity. Sometimes it is 
necessary to cover the tracks as well.  After every task, I made a presentation and presented in front of my 
superv isor. 
 
The objective of the cybersecurity was to maintain C I A.  
1. C (Confidentiality)  
2. I (Integrity)  
3. A (Availability)  
Nowadays, cybersecurity is a major necessity that equips the world with a safe digital and cyber system. The 
majority of company’s operations are conducted through the internet, exposing data and resources to a variety 
of cyber dangers. Since data and system resources are the foundations of the organization, it goes without 
saying that a danger to these entities is a threat to the org anization as a whole. Therefore, the importance of 
cybersecurity continues to grow. The goal of cybersecurity is to provide a secure environment in which data, 
networks, and devices can be protected from cyberattacks. Doing so, the CIA triangle must be fol lowed since it 
is the foundation of all security programs. Most organizations and businesses apply the CIA criterion when 
installing a new application, creating a database, or ensuring access to sensitive information. It is very important 
to maintain data confidentiality and secure them because they are every business and industry’s valuable asset. 
Data encryption is an example of how to keep information private. In addition, it is necessary to keep data 
integrity in check because without it data would be m eaningless and useless. Integrity is the means for 
guaranteeing that data is real and correct. This can be achieved by backups and regular checkups. Lastly, 
limiting data accessibility to just authorized users is needed to ensure availability.   
 
A usual d ay at the internship started with a presentation about what has been done so far and what is the plan 
going in the future. Next, the supervisor would give notes and talk about concepts of cybersecurity. After that, I 
would be on my computer actually practi cing those concepts and putting the information I learned to use. I 
worked on Kali Linux which is a Linux distribution designed for digital forensics, penetration testing, and 
cybersecurity in general.  
 
First task (Vulnerability Analysis & Risk Assessment ): 
A vulnerability analysis is a systematic review of security weaknesses in an information system. It evaluates if 
the system is susceptible to any known vulnerabilities. Threats that can be detected by a vulnerability 
assessment can come in the form of S QL injections, insecure default credentials, wrong escalation of privileges, 
and many more. In general, vulnerability assessment of the system dictates where it stands from a security stand 
point and making sure the measures are up to date. In Risk assessm ent, the objective is to prioritize the 
vulnerabilities by assigning a severity score to each vulnerability. One very efficient tool that I used to complete 
this task was Nessus on Kali Linux. Another tool was Nexpose, and both were very useful because the y have a 
very nice interface. These tools, given an IP, would run and find all the vulnerabilities within this system, 
analyze them, and rank them based on severity. When it comes to web domains or URLs, there were some 
really amazing tools such as burpsui te and wireshark that provide vulnerability assessment on Kali Linux.  
 
Second task (Penetration Testing):  
Before diving to what exactly I did, I will briefly talk about what is penetration testing. Penetration testing is a 
security testing that launches a ttacks similar to real attacks on a system/website. These attacks aim to discover 
vulnerabilities in the system’s security and fix them. It is also used to ensure that the security controls of that 
system are working. There are four phases to penetration t esting. Firstly, the planning phase and this includes an        
6 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
agreement with the company the tester is working with on what exactly to test. It defines how severe will be the 
attack, the setting, the boundaries, and the credentials needed. It is very important and acts as the contract and 
guideline. This shows how penetration testing falls under Ethical Hacking and is completely legal. Regarding 
the first phase, there are 3 types of penetration testing. The first type is black box testing which is done with no 
knowledge of the system or its infrastructure. This is useful because it shows what a hacker would get out of the 
system and how far will the hacker go without having any knowledge about it. The second type is its opposite 
which is white box testing in whic h the tester has complete knowledge of the system and its infrastructure. The 
last type is grey box testing which means the tester has some information about the system but not all of it. The 
second phase is discovery or reconnaissance which includes colle cting information about the system that is 
going to be tested. One useful method of collecting information is using Google Dorking which are some kinds 
of filters on searching with Google that gets specific information. Third, the attack phase which contai ns the 
actual attack on the system as per described in the planning phase. This attack exploits the vulnerabilities found 
in the discovery phase by trying to gain access to the system and its data. It also tests the limits of the system 
and whether it will  crack or not. Lastly, the reporting phase and this includes sitting with the company and 
stating what was successful in their security and what was not. Furthermore, it includes discussing what needs 
fixing, upgrading, or changing. In addition, the tester  discusses the risks and vulnerabilities found in this 
system.  
 
Now, I will talk about how exactly I went through with penetration testing both on an IP address and a website 
URL starting by the IP address. In the beginning, I sat with the technical secur ity engineer at SIGMA IT and 
discussed the rules and regulations of the penetration test that I was going to conduct. He provided me with all 
the details that I needed and we agreed on the limits of the test. In this case, I was only provided with an IP 
address. After that, I began my reconnaissance phase by collecting as much information about the system as I 
can which was one of the company’s servers. During this phase, I logged on to my Kali Linux on my laptop and 
used the discovery tools found on it. I started with scanning for basic network information using a tool called 
Nmap and a tool called netdiscover to discover the hosts, services and their versions, and ports open on that 
network. I also used Nmap’s feature of detecting which operating system is  running. All of which can be 
exploited in the attack stage by finding vulnerabilities associated with them. To find if any of the information 
found has vulnerabilities or not, I searched on the online vulnerability database. As well as using the search 
command on my Kali Linux.  
 
Next, I’m going to exploit the vulnerabilities that I found to try to gain access to the system in the attack phase. 
In this phase, I first looked on the online exploit database to see if I can use anything to help with the 
vulnera bilities that I found. After that, I used a framework called the Metasploit framework that has many 
modules for every stage of the penetration testing. This framework consists of preexisting exploits that I can use 
which I tried on the system to gain acces s. The exploits work by providing them with specific parameters about 
the system that I found during my discovery phase. One of the exploits that I used was reverse shells which 
makes the victim connect to the attacker. Another exploit I found useful was A ctive Directory exploitation 
using LLMNR Poisoning. Furthemore, I used psexec exploit using smb. In addition to using Meterpreter 
payload on Metasploit and SQL Injections. Metasploit is one of the most powerful penetration testing 
frameworks when it comes to cybersecurity. Another tool that can be used for malware deployment is Fat Rat 
which sends the malware as a payload to the victim. Whenever I found credentials like usernames but I didn’t 
know the passwords, I would use password cracking tools like John  The Ripper which is really useful and 
effective. I also used hashcat to crack hashes found on the victim’s device. However, If I’m unable to find the 
passwords to gain access; I would use Token Impersonation to make the victim’s device think that I am an 
admin.  
 
When it comes to websites and domains, the concept is a little bit similar to what happens with IP addresses. 
Nmap is also used alongside another tool called TheHarvester for information gathering. In addition to a tool        
7 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
called WHOIS that lists some  information about the host and dirbuster that goes through all possible 
subdomains and pages found on a website. Furthermore, I used bluto for DNS reconnaissance, and email 
enumeration. After that, I used crt.sh to search for certificates used on the webs ite. Lastly for recon, I used 
wappalyzer and builtwith to identify technologies and their versions that are running on a website. Afterwards, I 
used burpsuite and wireshark to sniff packets and scan for vulnerabilites. Then, a tool called acunetix would 
launch the attack. When I was done, I created presentation and reported back to technical security engineer and 
my supervisor. My presentation included the vulnerabilities I found, the exploits I made use of, and the tools I 
used to achieve that. Furthermore , we discussed ways on how to patch these vulnerabilities.   
 
Third task (Traffic Interception):  
In this task, I used burpsuite and wireshark to sniff packets going from a host to a destination. Using burpsuite, I 
can intercept traffic before it reaches th e destination and manipulate it. But first, burpsuite has to be used as a 
proxy on the internet browser to act as an intermediary layer between source and destination. This is possible 
thanks to the intruder functionality found in burpsuite. It can also be  used to crack passwords on websites using 
a predefined wordlist.  
 
Fourth task (Writing own scripts):  
In this task, I wrote scripts for cybersecurity tools from scratch. I implemented a portscanner script using 
Python similar to Nmap  that checks for open ports, given an IP address. I also hosted local and FTP servers with 
Python which can be used to transfer a malware to anyone accessing it. As I mentioned before, t his was useful 
given my background as an MET student.  
 
Fifth task (Pr otection against cyberattacks):  
After diving deep into cybersecurity, it is very obvious that there is a plethora of threats that one can face 
online. Therefore, it is very important to know how to protect yourself against that. Personal data is the most 
valuable thing to a person and it has to be protected. During this internship, this fact has been made clear many 
times and we were taught ways to protect ourselves that I will discuss. First, Internet users should always turn 
multi -factor authentication on  websites. In addition, they should use trusted antiviruses and keep their software, 
applications, and antiviruses up -to-date. Together with using firewalls. Another way of staying safe is using 
Data Loss Prevention (DLP) software while encrypting all data  and making regular backups.  A majority of the 
attacks are done through malicious links including malware deployment, phishing, and data theft. Consequently, 
users of any service online should always think before clicking on any link on any website or e -mail service. 
Furthermore, People are always advised to use strong passwords at all times by using a mixture of upper - and 
lowercase letters alongside numbers. They are also advised to change their passwords every 2 to 3 months. If 
you suspect that you have been hacked or that your data has been breached or leaked; there is a website called 
haveibeenpwned that can recognize if that is the case. This site which shows when and where your data has 
been breached, leaked or hacked, given a mobile number or an emai l address.  
 
Sixth task (Compliance & Auditing):  
Cybersecurity Compliance is the organizational risk avoidance method. It involves meeting various controls 
usually enacted by a regulatory authority. These standards should be followed to protect the confide ntiality, 
integrity, and availability of data. Controls come from a variety of sources including the NIST Cybersecurity 
Framework, and ISO 27001. Companies have to know what kind of services they offer and which security 
framework they should abide to. Dur ing this internship, the security specialist at the company which is also a 
certified ISO auditor, sat with us and talked to us about compliance. He explained the different kinds of security 
frameworks that exist and their different uses. He mentioned all the different rules and regulations that have to 
be followed. He then showed us how to perform audits to make sure that a company is following the standards 
correctly. This is done using checklist with all the regulations to make sure everything is covered . I used an ISO 
270001 checklist and started ticking what's followed and covered and what’s not. It is a very long process but it        
8 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
ensures that an organization is not at risk. Without following it, the system of the organization is at risk from 
vulnerabilit ies and attacks. Each vulnerability has a control that states how to prevent it written in the 
guidelines. Each control policy is written, clear, and precise.  
 
Internship 