Tasks:  (Not less than 100 words)  
The task of this internship  was to extend the a functionality of the i -Core scheduler. First to have it implemented 
with backward compatibili ty, then to have it able to cope with the recent developments of the i -Core 
architecture. Moreover, it had to demonstrate its usefulness for the pipelined floating point special instructions. 
Finally, it had as a goal to implement the dynamic control flow to the object detection special instruction. The 
dynamic execution implements the concepts of conditional jumps, overhead -free loop support and 
exceptions/interruptions. Conditional jumps from one microinstruction to another should be possible depending 
on the intermediate results of the calculation of the reconfigurable accelerator. In addition, several internal 
counters with e.g. auto -increment functionality should be provided to support loops with a statically known 
number of iterations. And it should be  possible for special commands to return error messages in the form of 
exceptions to the CPU. E.g. if the microcode reaches an unintended processing point. The soundness of the 
implementations of the thesis had to be seen in both the simulation as well as on 
The implementation presented by me solves the task presented in the introduction section completely. Various 
tests and their performance  were created. Moreover , I was able to find all the critical bugs in the system and fix 
them. I was also able to correctly add the dynamic execution functionality to the object detection special        
5 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
instruction using conditional jump forms. I successfully implemented the backward compatibility and fixed the 
in-house  assembler and assembler converter.  
 
Internship Evaluation: (Not less than 100 words) (This section should answer the following questions in the form of a 
paragraph)  
During my interns hip I was exposed to t op notch German educatio nal and research  institution s. I was able to 
learn man y important skills in t he field of embedded systems and processors . During my time at the internship, 
I was able to gain many new skills however, the most important one was mastering python as a language to its 
most advanced levels. Moreover, I gained a lot of experience in reconfigurable  processors and processors in 
general . I was also well exposed to the emerging market of special ized processors  for much fas ter execution . 
The expectations I had for this internship was successfully met as I not only learned a lot but also seen my 
academic knowledge transferred to rea l life practical work that is useful for everyone. The exposer I received 
from the internship has widen my horizon in terms of career opportunities as it has showed me two interesting 
paths, the first is the research and development opportunities and possi bility an academic career and the second 
is the hardware integrated with software (embedded systems) for new ideas in processors  world which  is 
growing extremely fast. The GUC has provided courses such as introduction to programming, introduction to 
networks, digital logic design, embed ded systems, computer programming lab , microprocessors,  and operating 
systems .    
 Did the internship meet your expectations? If not, please explain why? How do you think the internship will influence your fu ture 
career plans? How do you think the internship activities th at you carried out are correlated with your studies? Which of the academic 
courses that you have taken in GUC were the most related to your internship?  
 
Conclusion: (Not less than 100 words)  (A summary of key conclusions derived from the internship experie nce. general 
observations about the sector in which your internship company/institution operates)  
In conclusion, this internship experience has provided me with the hands -on experience needed to qualify me 
for the market in general. I have also gained the soft skills that is vital for an y job later, such as being punctual 
and organized. I have also learned how to present my work in a professional way due to the various ways I was 
asked to present my work. I learned a lot about networking and the importance of security in the field of 
software and technology. I have also noticed the great performance the KIT and Germany  is doing to have its 
weight in the development of an embedded  processors  world, and how the market is rapidly growing on a day -
to-day basis.  
 
Please rate your satisfaction with the internship experience.  
☐ Very satisfied            Somehow satisfied             ☐ Neutral       ☐ Somehow dissatisfi ed        ☐ Very dissatisfied  
Would you recommend this internship to other colleagues?  
☐ Yes                         ☐ No                                     Maybe  
 
Reference s: (If any external sources are used, provide references for any information quoted)  
 
Appendices: (Upon availability, charts, pictures, etc.)  
 
Disclosure / Confidentiality Agreement 
 
This agreement is to acknowledge that the information provided by any company / organization during the internship is unique to 
this business and confidential.  
Therefore, anyone reading this agreement agrees not to disclose any of the information provided during the internship without  
notifying & taking the employer’s / supervisor’s approval.  
   
