Tasks:  (Not less than 100 words)  
 
Internship Evaluation: (Not less than 100 words) (This section should answer the following questions in the form of a 
paragraph)  
 
What skills do you think that you have gained from the internship? Did  the internship meet your expectations? If not, please explain 
why? How do you think the internship will influence your future career plans? How do you think the internship activities that  you 
carried out are correlated with your studies? Which of the acad emic courses that you have taken in GUC were the most related to 
your internship?  
 
Conclusion: (Not less than 100 words)  (A summary of key conclusions derived from the internship experience. general 
observations about the sector in which your internship company/institution operates)  
 
Please rate your satisfaction with the internship experience.  
☐ Very satisfied           ☐ Somehow satisfied             ☐ Neutral       ☐ Somehow dissatisfied        ☐ Very dissatisfied  
Would you recommend this i nternship to other colleagues?  
☐ Yes                         ☐ No                                    ☐ Maybe  
 
Reference s: (If any external sources are used, provide references for any information quoted)  
 
Appendices: (Upon availability, charts, pictures, etc.)  
 
Disclosure / Confidentiality Agreement 
 
This agreement is to acknowledge that the information provided by any company / organization during the internship is unique to 
this business and confidential.  
Therefore, anyone reading this agreement agrees not to disclose any of the information provided during the internship without 
notifying & taking the employer’s / supervisor’s approval.  
   
 
Software Engineering Intern
Jumia
Introduction
My main goal for my summer internship at Jumia is to gain practical insight into the role of
computer science in the world of e-commerce and understand how lar ge or ganizations operate.
This was achieved by attending several orientations of Jumia departments; getting involved in
the Agile environment; and building a separate project that would prove to be beneficial for
several Jumia engineers.
Table of contents:
1.Company information: company's history , mission, and relevant links.
2.Internship description: assigned internship tasks, working conditions, working tools.
3.Overview of internship experience: internship evaluation (skills gained, impact on future
plans, etc.) and conclusion.
Company Description:
Jumia was built with a mission to help consumers access millions of goods and services
conveniently and at the best prices, while opening up a new way for sellers to reach consumers
and grow their businesses. It is built around a marketplace, Jumia Logistics, and JumiaPay . The
marketplace helps millions of consumers and sellers to connect and transact. Jumia Logistics
enables the delivery of millions of packages through our network of local partners. JumiaPay
facilitates the payments of online transactions for Jumia's ecosystem. With over 1 billion people
and 500 million internet users in Africa, Jumia believes that e-commerce is making people's lives
easier by helping them shop and pay for millions of products at the best prices wherever they
live. Jumia was launched in Nigeria in 2012 and has expanded to five other countries: Egypt ,
Morocco ,Ivory Coast ,Kenya , and South Africa. It continued to expand to other African
countries, and by 2018, it was present in 14 African countries.  Jumia’ s strategic goal is to be the
number one shopping destination for Africans.
mailing address: https://group.jumia.com/contact
link: https://group.jumia.com/Internship description
As a lar ge company registered on the stock exchange, Jumia has to deal with SOX compliance.
For that, they need to demonstrate that they have procedures in place to guarantee that there is no
loss of information between Jumia systems. Entity Dif f is an application that compares two
entities and returns the results back to a JSON file and sends this as a notification to a slack
channel. However , with the increased number of systems under the scope of SOX compliance,
the workload to extract all the evidence has also increased. The Entity Dif f web app (Edie) was
the project idea of our internship to create a separate web app that builds upon the standalone
Entity Dif f app to enhance the process of generating evidence, making it more ef ficient.
During the working days, I was working with a fellow intern on building EDiE under the
guidance of our manager , Jorge, and was following the Agile methodology with team FOX under
the finance department that is responsible for creating and managing finance tools. The team was
diverse and I have dealt with several engineers from Portugal. My supervisors, Carlos and Jor ge,
were Portuguese. Throughout the working days, daily standups were conducted during which we
discussed what we worked on and the next steps. The internship duration was 4 months. The
internship was hybrid in nature, but for the most part, remote. The first two months were
part-time (20 hours/week) and the other 2 months were full-time (40 hours/week). A typical
full-time working day  would start from 9 am to 6 pm for 5 days a week.  For each task, I was
assigned a ticket on Jira and the progress of the task was tracked. Once a task is completed, a
pull request is created on GitHub, reviewed by other team members, and mer ged upon approval..
In the first two months, I had several online orientations about Jumia departments and online
meetings with product owners and chief managers, explaining how the departments in Jumia
function and the logistics for each department. I was introduced to the project, then started
discussing the project requirements, constructing the database model, and setting up docker and
the project on GitHub. I was also familiarizing myself with Spring Boot framework,
implementing some code, learning about its architecture and how to work with it.In the next 2 months, I was mainly working on the backend side of the project. The structure of
the project required working with mainly 4 layers: data, domain, network, and API. This
involved creating the database schema on PostgreSQL  as part of the data layer , writing the logic
behind each function call in the domain layer , developing a micro-services-based application
using Java Spring Boot that involved implementing controllers and services for handling API
calls, writing unit tests using Junit in each layer , implementing a pagination service to allow for
bulk retrieval, filtering and sorting of records, as well as integrating the web application with
external systems, such as Jira to create tickets if needed without human intervention.
After developing some of the core backend structure, I started working on the front end using
Angular 2+. This involved retrieving database records and displaying them in Angular
material-UI tables, adding a filtering option to allow users to filter by columns, adding a sorting
option to allow users to sort by columns, adding a search option to allow users to search by text,
creating buttons to allow users to add as well as update rows, implementing actions that upon
user selection, the user can view additional row details on a sidebar .
The code was regularly reviewed and, accordingly , adjustments were made to the website.
During my internship period, I also had an onsite visit to Jumia’ s warehouse in the 5th
Settlement where I learned about the process that order items undertake before finally reaching
the customer . This includes how items are picked if they are stored in Jumia’ s warehouse,
consolidated, and sent to a Jumia provider that is chosen by a ranking system that finally ships
the order to the customer . Furthermore, I learned about the process a returned order goes through
in the After Sales department before accepting/rejecting the return request.Internship 