activities I did during the period of the internship. At the end I will be evaluating my time at the internship in my point of view. Tanmeyah established in 2009, It is for Microenterprise Services leading provider of Microfinance solutions in Egypt. Since its inception, Tanmeyah has grown rapidly to become one of the leading entities in the field of working capital financing for owners of low-income generating projects. The mission of the company is to bring banking and financial services to the underprivileged members of society and its vision is the Financial success and opportunities for ambitious, hardworking lower-income business owners, who contribute to a growing economy. Tanmeyah is a strong believer in these hard-working and entrepreneurial Egyptians, By helping them start or scale their businesses, it will boost employment and improve the standard of living of their families and communities. Three factors enable Tanmeyah to successfully serve clients overlooked by the banking sector: highly personal service by dedicated well trained staff, nationwide reach, state-of-the-art technologies. Tanmeyah’s reach is supporting customers across 25 governments in Egypt. Tanmeyah offers its leading Microfinance platform to third-party financial institutions enabling them to reach new and under-served clients. As part of EFG Hermes’ Non-bank Financial Institutions platform. At the beginning our supervisor “Senior backend engineer” gave me a tour in the factory and the other facilites. He gave me brief description about different fields in the company and how they work together. Then he sent me to the Senior backend engineer that I am going to deal with him the whole internship period. The backend of the company at first was using ASP.net and C# for developing their website but They started to change to other technologies which is Java Spring Boot. The senior engineer started to give me tasks that had to be done using these new technologies. The whole internship was about developing core-banking system which simulates as the actual real one of the company using Java Springboot. He started giving me a simple task of making endpoints at the beginning of the internship I didn’t have a good background about Springboot and How can I develop endpoints and handle APIs. I started to ask my senior engineer questions and watching courses about Springboot and JPA. After the first week I started to implement the first part of the system which signup users and handling transactions used by them, also I started to read more about Spring security which I used in my internship as to put more security in my application using JSON WEB TOKEN (JWT). My working day was that I took the task given by senior engineer then started to research for how to implement it and I have a video describes how my day was in this internship https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEmYhQ8lTPw. And here is my GitHub repository of showing my tasks of this internship you can check it https://github.com/RobertoJoseph/Corebanking-Backend-Service. I believe I have acquired new skills, for example as I implemented the whole internship task using new technologies and I learned the JPA which helps us to design the database by using different methods and creating the structure of the database using only the Java code. I learned how to deal with other members in other teams and who should I report to  if I have a problem. I think that the internship meet my expectations putting into consideration the period I got the most from an opportunity like this. I feel that finance companies will be one of my main dreams to work in. One of the main courses that affect my internship and helps me to speed up my tasks is Networks course which its project was to develop an eCommerce website. In conclusion, this internship opened my mind more and my exposure to the Microenterprise’s companies. I learned a new skill which is dealing with different peoples to explain my point of view even if they are not in the same field. References: Tanmeyah: https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?heroEntityKey=urn%3Ali%3Aorganization%3A1043448&keywords=tanmeyah%20micro%20enterprise%20services&origin=RICH_QUERY_TYPEAHEAD_HISTORY&position=0&searchId=67d73f0a-eb1c-4625-8686-394955052e1f&sid=eiI   