activities: Assigned tasks included: • Supervising 3 teams of four junior university students each and assigning their tasks. • Researching and deciding on appropriate TV shows to be used in data collection. • Performing multiple data augmentation techniques on the raw data produced using Python and Google Colab. • Creating programs for data organization and manipulations tasks using Python and Google Colab. • Performing samples of the students’ tasks before assigning them to check their difficulty levels using Audacity for recording data and Python for programming tasks. Salma Amr Abuelnaga, 46-0550 • Validating the students’ submissions and giving out feedback. • Collaborated with 2 other supervisors on creating a website for browsing the dataset using MERN stack.   This internship was called Egyptian Arabic Speech Recognition Dataset, and my role in it was as a supervisor. It was a remote internship which means we communicated through communication platforms such as Zoom and WhatsApp. I also collaborated with the supervisors on creating the website through Github. The goal of this internship was to build an Egyptian Arabic Speech Recognition Dataset from scratch so it can be used to train and test a Sentiment Analysis Machine Learning Algorithm. This algorithm is meant to decide what emotion the speaker is feeling upon being fed an audio of their speech. I was assigned to supervise 3 groups of a total of 12 students whose main task was to produce this dataset by recording audio files from Egyptian TV shows alongside with developing a few programming tasks. I would choose the shows, assign one to each group and give them a deadline. Then I check up on their work and perform several data organization programs. The final step of this cycle is performing data augmentation techniques on the data to increase and improve it. Parallel to this cycle, I was working on the website developed using MERN stack which we, the supervisors and I, have divided into 3 parts so each can work on a page full-stack; backend, databases and frontend. Software and languages used: Audacity, Google Colab, Visual Studio Code, MongoDB, Express JS, React, Node JS, Python. Evaluation: I believe having this internship has offered me understanding and appreciation for a huge and important part of Machine Learning processes: data. It taught me how to deal with it and what’s the best practices for best results. My role as a supervisor improved my leadership and communication skills to be able to manage the students well. I’m overall very satisfied with this experience as it was quite novel, beneficial and eye-opening, and I would definitely recommend it to other students. The internship was related to my bachelor project called Federated Learning Salma Amr Abuelnaga, 46-0550 for Person Re-Identification, in the sense that it was my only other experience with Machine Learning. It was also related to one of my courses called Advanced Computer Lab in using MERN Stack to create a website.  Conclusion: To conclude, it was definitely a new experience, something that gave me a lot of perspective, and will help me later on in my career and my future in general. After completing this internship, I now have a better understanding of what the Machine Learning Process is, starting with collecting the data, analysing and manipulating it to be train the ML models and produce the best results. I also got to see what being a supervisor can possibly look like, which was very fulfilling to experience. I can now pursue a career in Data which is a very highly regarded field.    