ACTIVITIES PERFORMED: 
I was fortunate enough to be assigned to the Product Owners/Product Managers 
department and I was given the opportunity to be a Product Owner intern. Throughout the 
30-day internship I was assigned to two different products, the first 15 days I was 
assigned to the digital signage team responsible for all of turkey’s Vodafone digital 
signage, the last 15 days I was assigned to the development team of the My Vodafone 
App UK. 
The tasks performed was almost the same throughout both products. My typical work day 
would start off with the daily scrum meeting, where every member of the team would tell 
us what they did yesterday, what they will do today and if there was any blockers they 
faced.  Right after the daily scrum, if any blockers needed the input of the Product 
Owner, I would attend the meeting with the developer/tester/tech lead/scrum master and 
the Product Owner (my mentor). Usually after these meetings I am assigned some epics 
or features to define user stories for them (write the actual user story, define the 
DOD(Definition Of Done) and the Acceptance Criteria for the story). Since I have spent 
nearly two weeks with each product, I have attended sprint refinement meetings, sprint 
planning meetings and finally sprint retrospective meetings. I was also assigned to 
perform UAT (User Acceptance Tests) to declare a user story done. I have also led a 
meeting with a UX/UI designer to discuss how to implement a specific feature to make 
sure it meets the business requirement behind it and write accurate user stories for it. I 
have also completed courses in using JIRA and Confluence, which helped me while using 
them to manage the sprints, user stories and enablers. Lastly throughout the 30 days of 
the internship, I researched, prepared slides and presented more than ten presentations 
with different topics. These topics mainly were about Product Owner and Product 
Manager different types and roles, the different Agile methodologies specially the scrum 
methodology and so much more topics. I have also learned so much about the software 
industry and how things actually work inside big tech companies like VOIS, I have also gained so much experience not only technically with writing the user stories and defining 
the definition of done and the acceptance criteria and all of the experience mentioned 
above, but I have also gained experience with dealing with people and I can definitely 
feel so much improvement in my interpersonal skills. The internship with VOIS 
surprisingly exceeded my expectations. 
 
