Tasks In my internship, we developed the MET Website. We applied the agile principles in which we are always welcoming to changing requirements even late in the project, maintain a sustainable working pace, self-organizing teams generate most value and cross-functional team. We also applied agile practices in which we were self-organizing team, perform daily meetings at the beginning of each day to know what we have achieved in the day before and what will we do today and all the problems that faced us, divide the project into sprints, every member claims the requirements he/she wants to work on and worked on iterative development. First I started with designing a mockup of the website using Figma. We chose a color scheme for the website. Then I worked on the navigation bar of the website, home page, instructors’ profile, student activities. We created two mock ups for the website with two different designs. We tested both versions on many students including diverse ages and different instructors using two surveys. We collected, analyzed and compared the results and suggestions people provides and chose the version which satisfied the largest number of users. Then we designed the EERD diagram which contains all the entities of the system with all the attributes and relations needed. Then we created the schema collectively as a team. Then we created the database of the system using MSSQL mentioning all the constraints needed. Then we took the .mdf file which contained all the tables and the constraints of the database and placed it to our project. Then I started working on the Guest/Student view. I converted the Figma design of the instructor profile including his basic info, personal info, researches, publications and activities. Then I worked on the student activity page which contains a brief info about each student activity with the met related tracks to this club and links to all the social media platforms. After finishing the guest view, I worked on the admin view where I created the pages were admin link a certain course to instructor(s), remove an instructor from a specific course, define/remove weeks of the semester, adjust the setting of the semester, add/remove a student activity, add/remove alumni. All of these pages, I used ASP.NET technology which includes html, CSS and JavaScript for the frontend, C# and JavaScript for the backend and we created all the procedures needed using MSSQL to perform the CRUD operations. We faced problems with the database integrating with our design in which he had to recreate many entities and change the design multiple times in our project which we were able to solve.    Internship 