activities and is a financial tool for the government as it is a government owned bank. With branches all over Egypt, it has a considerable network, and since it is a pioneer in the digitalization effort set out by the Egyptian government, as well as having an advanced e-banking and database infrastructure, was a perfect choice for an internship with on hand experience to be gained in the field. Internship Performed Tasks: The internship was mainly tasked with being embedded with the different departments of the IT sector. Following now is the overview of the different departments  and the tasks performed with them. -Database Administration/support: This department is responsible for the maintenance, testing and management of database resources. They work with a SQL engine, their responsibilities include querying for data as the main database has very limited access due to the sensitive nature of financial data. They also test any new updates to the database by first testing on simulated non-live clone of the database. They are also in charge of receiving the database metrics, and preemptively stopping the system in case of an imminent crash. Tasks performed by myself included querying for information, as well as receving talks on the meaning of the database metrics and the actions done to maintain the database, including the importance of backing up data.  -E-channels: This department was in charge of integration of online services with the bank’s core system. This includes several methods on providing a payment gateway for online merchants. It also includes managing the API between fawry’s instant payment service and the bank’s system. I was tasked with observing the technical support of the fawry API, as well as received talks on how the different payment gateways functions and the decision making process between choosing each one is chosen depending on the organization the service is provided to. -Big Data: This department is responsible for managing the bank’s huge data, as well as performing manipulations on it and projections to ascertain certain qualities and help in decision making. We received a talk on the data pipeline, as well as observed different data visualization techniques and on what metrics they were chosen depending on the data and the audience it is intended to be shown to. -Development/Testing: This department is mainly tasked with developing the middleware that integrates the huge number of interacting sub systems the bank has. They also develop workflow programs for the different departments, and assist in implementing features on the bank’s mobile banking app within an agile programming mentality. The testing department attempts to find bugs within this software before it is launched. Tasks performed included a simulated scrum work cycle, as well as requirement analysis simulation and shadowing developers during an update of another department’s workflow program. Internship Evaluation: Overall, the internship more than met my expectations. I benefited greatly from the on hands experience, as well as the application of many concepts that I studied in the GUC (Software Development, Databases, Data Engineering). It was also beneficial to meet professionals and receive their recommendations for extra curricular work to develop and prepare myself for the job market. It will surely affect my future career choices and allowed me to enhance my problem solving skills and expanded my view on workplace teamwork. I would have liked more practical applications however this was not possible due to the sensitivity of the financial sector to mistakes and time constraints faced by the staff training us. Conclusion: An internship has become essential for being competitive in the job market, and digitalization efforts have made the banking sector a perfect field for students of computer science as it a rapidly growing field. This internship provided me with invaluable knowledge on the practical side of my studies, as well as avenues for development of my skills.  - 