Activities:I worked under the Technical Presales Engineer for Enterprise for Enterprise ContentManagement Solutions which was responsible for taking the RFP(request for proposal) anddeciding which particular solutions and to deal with clients and provide them technicalpresentations of the final products. I was asked at first to do some research about theirsystems and Content management solutions in addition to correspondence managementsolutions and make several presentations as if they were the clients and I am offering ourservices in professional matters. Furthermore, I was asked to take some RFP and convert theclients’ proposal and requirement to the Compliance matrix ,to know which components areoffered and which are extra to reach an agreement. I was also asked to provide from theagreement reports to be given to the development team.I used Powerpoint and Excel sheets on a regular basis. I had more than an online meeting inaddition to attending demos made by senior presales engineer in my department.Evaluation of the Internship:Throughout the internship,some of my skills were utterly enhanced, mainly mypresentation skills were boostered, added to that my communication skills. I learned to knowwhat the clients’ actually need from their RFP and how to provide the best solution from atechnical point of view. The internship really exceeded my expectations because I alwayspictured myself coding and developing but software engineering is more than coding. Forinstance, realising what the customer actually needs and how to provide it and how to give itto the developers in report. I think it would affect my career as it will make me consider otherfields as a software engineer beside coding. It was like most things I learnt in the SE course. Isurely would recommend it to other GUC students.Conclusion of the Report:In conclusion, the internship was beneficial on both technical and communicationskills.The main skills that were enhanced were theoretical software skills and presentationskills. I understood what clients really need from the programs and how to meet theirrequirements, how to plan for a project and setting guidelines for the software. The wholePresales Engineering group were very helpful and were keen on giving me as muchinformation as the internship went. I was very satisfied with the internship and I wouldrecommend it to other colleagues .The whole experience was a success  to me as my wholeperspective around a software engineer was coding but I found some more interesting fieldsin which I can pursue a career in.References:https://asset-technology.com/