activities’ classes. Finally, I made a presentation and explained how the new classification works and why would it be effective to use it in the model and in the classifying of the new and old clients. 7. The 7th and last task were to use the data provided for the Risk Classification Model to build a Dashboard that visualizes the data. To build the dashboard, I used the data analytics results I came up with when building the model to generate good-looking plots for the dashboard. Dashboards are very helpful to visualize the complex data and get insights on the data which are very helpful for data analytics. I used Power Bi to build the dashboard and DAX language to generate the more data and columns from the original data that would be useful to plot.  Evaluation I spent most of the time doing research, learning new topics and techniques and also, I got to have hand-on experience with Data analysis and visualization, building Machine Learning Models and building a Dashboard. It was a great opportunity to improve my research skills which would be an essential skill in life in general and in my career.  The internship met my expectations on both the technical and non-technical levels as I wanted a good working experience that would help me gain the knowledge that I need to start my career. I also got to work with very helpful and caring team that helped me through the entire internship by guiding me and assisting me when I was stuck. We always had a small meeting before we started the day to get to discuss what we did the day before and what we think we should next, they would always give us feedback on our work and what can we change and fix in our work to get the best results. They also wanted us to work on teamwork skills so, they encouraged me and the other intern to always communicate with each other and help each other. After each presentation, they always gave us constructive feedback on both the technical and the soft skills and point to us the areas we need to improve. We also got to communicate we the other members of the department which gave me a great boost in my communication skills and also I got to get an idea of other parts of the field that I could be interested in. So, I am very thankful I got to work in such positive working environment. This internship helped me get an idea of what I need to do next to be able to advance in the Data Science field. I have always been interested in the Data Science field and I took some courses that helped me understand a little bit about the field but I didn’t have a roadmap or a sense of what steps should I go through to start working in the field. Thanks to the team, I now know what I can do next and what areas I should work on and improve to advance to the next level and I already started working on those areas as I finished a very important Machine learning online track that took me to the next level and I got to understand more about what goes inside the machine learning field and how do those machine learning models predict such results and furthermore I already know what I should start doing next as I am starting a new online Deep Learning track and also I now know that I can’t online take courses as I need to work on lots of projects and problems to be able to improve my knowledge and get more experience working on real-life applications.  All the Math courses I have attended in the GUC benefited me the most during this internship as the Data Science field heavily depends on Math and Statistics.  I would definitely recommend Tanmeyah to all my colleagues and GUC students due to the positive and helpful working environment. Conclusion Data Science is a field full of opportunities that could change the life as we know it now as it can get involved in every aspect in our life from making coffee to building a self-driven car and more. Data Scientist is a highly in-demand job rote in the market because of the increased use of data in every sector. One of the fields that Data Science could be used in is Microfinance so, Tanmeyah is using Data Science to build models that could use to accept clients and to determine the conditions that would be a best fit for each client. References • https://github.com/YousefAllam221b/Tanmeyah-Internship  This is a github repo that contains all the work I did during this internship including the model notebook, dashboard and all the presentations. 