 Link Development is an Egyptian software development company which was born out of the ashes of Link, the telecom company, in 1996, which was bought out by A15, a venture capital company in the early 2000s, which helped rebrand Link to Link Development and shift its business from telecommunications to technology solutions. While primarily based in Egypt, they operate in 24 countries and do plenty of software work on a global scale. In the past, they’ve worked for the Egyptian Ministry of Education, the Saudi Ministry of Education, the Central Bank of Egypt, Ikea Saudi Arabia, Mercedes-Benz Egypt, and many others. Their focus mainly lies in building web apps and similar software solutions, but they are very diverse. They also won the Egypt 2022 Microsoft Partner of the Year Award.  Internship Performed Tasks  The internship | participated was very much involved in Link’s current business, but | unfortunately can’t reveal the details of the project | worked because of company policy. The project | worked on mainly relied on developing the front-end of a React web app for a variety company. My team and | built a front-end relying on React for the core functionalities, animations, and interactivity, while using Bootstrap and JavaScript for the bones of the web app. We also worked closely with our front-end representative to integrate accessibility into the web app, including building an alternate, high-contrast color scheme, font magnification, and methods to allow easy navigation of a web page without using a mouse.  Internship Evaluation  The most important skill | gained from the internship was the ability to use Git at a high level. While I’d learned to use Git at university in my Software Engineering course, I’d never had to use it as extensively as | did when collaborating at high speed with several other developers at the same time. Resolving merge conflicts, branching, making pull requests, all of these are skills | perfected in my internship and already are proving useful. | also learned a lot about React, and the frameworks currently being used in front-end web development. What the internship did help me with that wasn’t a skill was  realizing the front-end development wasn’t something | was particularly interested in. I’d still like to take some time to investigate data analysis and back-end internships before | settle on something in particular. That’s not to say that | don’t like front-end development: I’d probably have to spend a lot more time working at it before | could say I’m comfortable doing it.  Conclusion  Overall, my internship with Link Development was an incredibly enriching experience. The HR representatives working with the internship team were very friendly and encouraging, and the work | was assigned, while challenging, was within reach. The other developers | was working with always pushed me to learn the stack they were using and interact with the technology in new ways. For someone like me, who hadn’t ever formally worked in a software development team before, this internship was a fantastic first step to learning about the modern software development industry, some of the requirements of working in a large group, some forms of Agile methodologies, and plenty about front-end development, including React and Bootstrap, to name a few.  Please rate your satisfaction with the internship experience.  Very satisfied Somehow satisfied Neutral Somehow dissatisfied Very dissatisfied  Would you recommend this internship to other colleagues?  Yes No Maybe  