Tasks:
 
(Not less than 100 words)  
 
My first task was to create an internal management tool, a mobile app to be used by the sales department 
employees to help them manage stock inventories of the company’s products easily and fast. The main purpose 
of the app was to allow the employees to check the available stock of any product and update the stock of any 
product in real time. The mobile app was done using Flutter and Firebase served as the online database. This 
task was divided into several stages. The first stage was to get familiar with flutter and dart technology using a 
Udemy course suggested by my supervisor. The second stage was to convert the sales’ department stock 
inventories excel sheets into a firebase database. The third stage was to make a flutter app with a very simple 
frontend and connect the firebase database to it and implement all the backend functionalities including testing 
these functionalities thoroughly. The fourth stage was to improve the frontend of the mobile app which included 
making an aesthetic and organized layout, testing layout responsiveness on different screen sizes, and making it 
user friendly as much as possible by adding pictures and adding features like search bars, undo buttons, etc. The 
fifth stage included testing the app as a whole and handling errors. The sixth stage was making some sort of 
documentation pdf file to explain how to use the app. The seventh stage was installing the app on every sales 
department employee’s phone individually and not upload it on the google and apple app store, because the 
company didn’t want the app to be for public access.  
 
My second task was to reconstruct the company’s static website using HTML, CSS, & JavaScript. This task 
included updating text and pictures on the website, creating new frontend designs, and testing and handling 
errors. 
 
My typical working day was me going to my supervisor every morning and telling her what I’m going to work 
on that day, and she would tell me if there are any guidelines or tips I should follow or put under consideration 
while working. At the end of the day, I would show her the final result and give me her comments. Questions 
mid-day were unencouraged and she encouraged me to work independently and find always the solution to any 
problem myself.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
6 
Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  
Internship 