Tasks: In this internship, I was faced with several projects. Some of the projects were web development that used React for the front end, Golang for the back end, and MongoDB for the database. The backends’ architecture was the service repository pattern which is used to create a decoupled system. A NoSQL database was used because of its greater flexibility and scalability. Postman was used to build and use APIs. This project was mainly to create a platform that could assess new hires to make the hiring process for the company much easier. This was achieved by having different organizations and teams that create assessments, then the candidates could take the assessments and complete the hiring process. Another project was a data science project that was used to predict which technologies will have a high impact in the future, mainly in the computer science field only, this idea was derived from an MIT project called Delphi which uses artificial intelligence systems to provide an early-alert signal for future high-impact technologies. This is achieved by learning patterns obtained from previous scientific papers over several years. Arangodb was used to create a graphdb to visualize the data and extract the features to be able to train the model. The dataset includes papers that contain a lot of fields but the most important fields were paper id, authors, in citations, out citations, and field of study. Python was used in this project. Finally, there was a project named Alvarium which is based on the data confidence fabric concept, which is used to facilitate trust and confidence in data that ensures that data will be delivered to applications with measurable confidence. A go SDK was already implemented by Trevor Conn, then our team was supposed to implement the java SDK along with an example app intended for testing. All these projects had weekly meetings with the stakeholders to update them on the progress and get feedback. Moreover, the Agile methodology was used and there were daily scrum meetings for everyone to be up to date with what happened the previous day, as well as weekly sprint meetings to review the stories of the last week and organize the stories for the following week.  Internship 