 The internship's main goal was to create a communication module and a software framework for the FLIR C2 thermal camera. To be accepted, my team and | were asked to write a report summarizing a primary research on the topic and describing a clear roadmap for the internship's goals. Afterwards, we were provided weekly milestones to work on throughout the week and present our work the following meeting. After the first meeting, the objective became clearer which was to have a middle module that will enable us to stream whatever was on the camera on another device without the constant need fora laptop. Our first milestone was to perform a literature review. making sure no one already implemented something similar to what we are doing, looking for potential useful libraries, and searching for any pre-existing software for the camera model we're using. We were then introduced to the RaspberryPi as a preferred component to work with. After some research, we figured we can install NodeJS and visual studio code customized for the RaspberryPi's operating system. This was of great help as javaScript is a language that has many resources and libraries, and we were all trying to get more familiar with it, Next, we found an API that enabled streaming the contents of any connected camera to a website. So, as a result of the second milestone, we ended up with an elementary website that runs on the RaspberryPi and displays the camera stream on any Screen connected to it through an HDMI cable. After the third milestone, we were able to capture separate frames and perform character recognition using predefined libraries to read and output the temperatures written out on the frames. During the final milestone, we used image processing that enabled us to find temperature of separate pixels, depending on their colors and the color scale, as opposed to just reading the temperature displayed. Finally, we worked on some optimizations like handling the user choosing which camera to stream in  Student Career & Alumni Development Office, scai)c GUS. eol.ea | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  GUC SCAD  aie QU dos  case of connecting multiple cameras to the RaspberryPi, as well as, improving the GUI of the webpage we were working with.  