 1- Breaking a Caesar Cipher:  In cryptography also known as Caesar's cypher, the shift cypher, Caesar's code or Caesar shift, is one of the simplest and most widely known encryption techniques. It is a type of substitution cypher in which each letter in the plaintext is replaced by a letter with a fixed number of positions down the alphabet.  The task was to write a program that does both the encryption or the decryption of a message. The user has to enter 3 inputs:  1- The word "Encryption" or "Decryption" ( if the word is "Encryption", the code will encrypt the message. However, if the word is "Decryption", the code will decrypt the message) 2 - the number that the user wants to shift with  3- the massage  The code checks first the first input which is the word "Encryption" or "Decryption". If it is the word, The code will decrypt the message by shifting right every letter in the massage by the nui the user. If it is the "Encryption" word, it will encrypt the message by shifting left every letter i the number entered by the user. The output of the code is the encrypted or decrypted message.  The language used is Java.  "Decryption" imber entered by n the massage by  2- Ransomware Research:  The objective of this task is understanding the definition, the history, how ransomware works, what threats do it cause and how to deal with it. It was a nice experience doing the research about ransom important to be aware of malware like this because our devices can be attacked in any t knowing more about it enlighten me about the dangerous that we could face if we are precautions.  ware because it is very ime. Searching and not aware of it and taking  3- Password policy: A password policy is a set of rules designed to enhance computer security by encouraging users to employ strong passwords and use them properly, The task is to make a password policy for an organization called Hope  Hospital. In order to, All the users who are using the system and are required to create a password are following the same guidelines. For example, no one should use 1234 as a password. It should be a strong password  Student Career & Alumni Development Office, scad@guc.edu.eg | German University in Calro New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt   containing letters, numbers and symbols. All the guidelines that the user should follow are in the password policy.  4- Wire Shark:  Wireshark is a free and open-source packet analyzer. It is used for network troubleshooting, analysis, software and communication protocol development, and education,  The task is to analyze the flow of the packets through the networks. In addition, their layers and their protocol.  5- Ping IP address  The task was to write a method to ping the IP address entered by the user. The method takes the IP address and pings it. If the IP address is reachable, the message " Host is reachable" is printed. If the IP address is not teachable, the message " Sorry! We can't reach this host" is printed. The language used is Java.  6- In addition to tasks, I studied 2 courses during the internship: 1- Managing Network Security 2- Foundation of cybersecurity  Every week, I had a specific task to be done. The routine of the day is to work on the task, observing my  colleges to learn more who helped me so much to understand the field. In the first 2 weeks, I had to finish the 2 courses to understand the concepts.  