 In the first initial phase we had a 4 weeks period for brainstorming in order to setup the interns for the objectives they will be tackling throughout the whole period. At first, we were just having meetings for illustration of tasks, goals, milestones, and the expected finalized results. Accordingly, we soon started working in groups of 8 interns, there were always 2 different groups that interchange weekly. The first group was group "Soft" in which its main goal was to configure, monitor and troubleshoot using python 3 scripts on Jupyter Notebook. We used to have basic small network designs in cisco and run all the components using ready scripts. For example, a switch can be configured in four lines of code instead of writing many commands in cisco. Also, for the part of monitoring, it was like packet tracing but with some protocols for insurance. We were putting these protocols for monitoring using scripted conditions for example, bandwidth, distance, power and priority. Troubleshooting was a little harder than the previous tasks as you can have a traceback to where the packet have stopped, changed route, or even had a turn around, but yet sometimes we could not solve the issue, even if we know where it was. It appeared that the conditional scripts may have too strict conditions or very loose  Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scadouc edu.co | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tegamoa Al Khames; Egypt  CamScanner  qouc SCAD  conditions that are not generalized for all types of small networks so we had to change the script itself or update it manually in the code. The second group was the "Fellow" group in which interns were testing the scripted tool. We were running various commands and collecting its outputs in external files and then validating them with our objective. We also used templates to create new configurations and load these configurations on a sample network device. After the training period has finished, Interns started meetings with the head of operation department along with the team leaders that used to give us our first training period. Meetings lasted 2 weeks for the discussion of the milestones of the actual Automation software design being built from scratch, We discussed which types of test scripts would be used and visualized some sample global networks with identification of each component. After the 2 weeks period, we resumed with the research part, we took multiple intro sessions but the period was mainly for self-research about cloud servers and some of its models, The most important one was the pyramid model of 3 layers IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS. Infrastructure is where one manages Servers, OS, Virtualization. Platform is where one manages applications while third-party vendor manages networking and storage. Finally, Software as a Service allows third-party vendor to manage all applications and data allowing the business to access the interface, I also researched the characteristics of cloud like elasticity, scalability, duplicability, on-demand service and automation, The main project was to test the automation tool on a hexagonal model, each containing 3 stations. The objective was to examine data transfer between stations using Genex Cloud, saving outputs in a database server, and mainly testing the tool. We worked on an E-commerce application (basic online products interface) for testing. For the remaining 5 weeks we worked on the cloud testing part in which interactions occur between various stations on the E-commerce application. First was to set for Functional Testing in which we managed to put the functional requirements for the application, for example, Log In, Sign Up, System Shutdown, After that we started the most interesting part as we were testing thresholds to ensure stability with different number of users accessing the cloud server by scaling in/out the load, We then started Performance Testing to establish certain steps considering the performance of the application such as consistency across the different devices. Finally, we started testing the Automation tool as we worked on Network Testing by checking connectivity of the devices and data integrity to insure a secure Environment. It could also allow us to receive reports for unaccepted behaviors. For the final week of the internship, each intern had an evaluation for the whole project by the team leaders with an evaluation for the project itself for any updates.  