tasks: Month 1: During the first month, the team focused on designing the website using Figma. Two designs were proposed and voting was made to choose the final design that will be used in the website. Then the team designed the database schema and created the tables in the MDF. Week 1:  During the 1st week, the team was divided into 2 groups. Each group was responsible for designing a template for the homepage using Figma with their custom color palette. I was responsible for choosing the color palette and implementing parts of the homepage (Header, Footer, Announcements, etc.). Then, voting was made along the team members and the best design and color palette were chosen to be implemented for the website. The rest of the pages were then divided among the teams and I was responsible for designing the Alumni Honors and Published papers, adjusting the icons in the sidebar to be consistent on all pages, and designing the student activities page. Week 2:  During the 2nd week, a new design was introduced by one of my colleagues and we were divided into three teams among the new and old design and a testing team to prepare a questionnaire. I was on the team responsible for finalizing the old design. I was responsible for editing the course details section with its prototypes and hierarchy, the staff hierarchy, and finalizing its prototypes and All the prototypes from and to the home page.  Week 3: During the 3rd week, we started searching for resources about how to implement MDF in order to start designing the database and I was also responsible for finalizing the new design after it was chosen by the results of the questionnaire. Week 4: During the 4th week, I was part of the team responsible for designing the database schema where each one contributed his understanding of the tables that should be implemented, attributes, and the different relations between them, and communicating with the supervisor to update the schema taking into consideration her suggestions too. Month 2: For the second month, we started the development phase which included creating the tables, and SQL procedures and implementing parts of the website. Week 5:  For the 5th week, I was part of the group that started working on the front end of multiple pages of the website that required no data retrieval from the database.  I implemented the About Us page and Course Page using Html and CSS. Week 6: For the 6th week, I contributed to writing the SQL procedures responsible for data retrieval related to courses. And also the admin procedures which included Adding and Removing Instructors, Courses, Student activities, and so on. Week 7: For the 7th week, I was part of a team of 2 which implemented the backend of the admin page which adds a new course, and the page which adds a new instructor and sends an email to invite new professors. In addition,  I contributed in a group of 3 in the backend of the Instructor add course page. Week 8: For the 8th week, I was responsible for the admin removing instructor, Admin removing student activity, and admin removing course pages both front-end and back-end. I was also responsible for the search bar on those pages, the overlay that shows messages, and adjusting the dependencies of deleting any of the variables mentioned above in the rest of the related tables. Internship 