Tasks:  During the first week of the internship I got a tour of the data center and was  given an overview of the services offered and the technologies used. I was briefly introduced to the hardware  components of servers. I learned about a variety of storage techniques (e.g. block storage and object storage)  and the differences between them. In addition, I got the chance to see the components of a server and all the  connections that connect the shared storages with the actual servers through network file share. By the end of  the week, I got the chance to help in the memory upgrade of one of the servers and the setup of the remote  access for the terminal of another one.  4  Student Career & Alumni Development Office.  scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo  New Cairo City - Main  Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  The next month I learned about Virtualization - using VMWare specifically - and got the chance to work on  their staging environment. I started by creating a VSPhere for creating a single server to learn and have a better  understanding of the software; I created multiple virtual machines with different resources and limitations  which had a variety of Operating systems (Linux, windows server and ubuntu to list a few) I set the all the  different components for each of them and setup the connections to the network and gave each of them different  storage tier by changing the IOPs for each of them to simulate different storage technologies. After that, I  started creating resource groups to represent companies and assigning each of them a virtual data center to  allow the customers the ability to customize their virtual machines based on their needs - this allowed me to  start testing virtual machines with expandable resources which can take the needed memory or storage based on  the needs of each machine from the resource pool. The third week I spent creating multiple VSpheres to  simulate an environment and then creating a VCenter - there was one in place but it needed an upgrade so I  created a new one and turned the old one off - with the supervision of one of the employees. This allowed for  the setup of a load balancer and  enabled the high availability feature which allows VMs to turn on  automatically on a different server in case the one they are on fails. Later I started learning and working with  other VMWare products like VRealize Operations and VRealize Network Insight which are monitoring tools  which can be integrated with VCenter through APIs to allow for the easy and automated process of creating  reports and having a detailed vision of all the traffic and resources being utilized in order to fix any potential  problems before they arise and allow the customers the ability to see how their resources are being utilized to  make informed decisions about their environment.  The following week I didn’t have any tasks to perform but I spent the first 3 days shadowing the networks team  in which I learned about all different network cards and how VPNs and they set up SSL tunnels for customers  that have sensitive data. The last 2 days I spent with the security team learning about different testing techniques  and potential vulnerabilities that might put the company at risk - I also was shown how penetration testing  works. While I didn’t have any tasks to do this week, I believe that it allowed me to have a better understanding  of the necessity of all these components and how any team not being able to perform their  tasks correctly can  compromise the whole environment.  The last month of the internship I spent learning about system administration and linux. I successfully  completed all the components of Red Hat Admin 1 course in which I started by learning about the command  line and managing files through it ( by restricting access and learning about the Linux Filesystem Hierarchy). In  addition I  learned about groups and users and granting them access. I then started learning about Linux  processes, services and Daemons ,and packages. Afterwards I learned about analyzing and storing logs, and  5  Student Career & Alumni Development Office.  scad@guc.edu.eg  | German University in Cairo  New Cairo City - Main  Entrance Al Tagamoa Al Khames; Egypt  archiving and transferring files. Lastly, I was allowed to try configuring and securing SSH and managing the  network configuration.  Internship 