 As mentioned above, I was given the opportunity to work on an actual product they are designing so I was given tasks as any employee would. We first outlined our problem to start with and then tried to come up with machine learning solutions to solve that problem which was that testing and weights testing for software is a very tedious task so we want to use machine learning to have an agent do it on its own. At the beginning of any problem that you are trying to solve, you should complete your learning on the topic and then do your research on that problem. So indeed these were the first two tasks assigned to me. After the learning phase we go on to designing the architecture phase and then the implementation phase so I was given many tasks that constantly gets me thinking on how to create/implement it. As for the working conditions, the company has a flexible policy meaning that you can work from home or from the office or hybrid it's your choice but I chose to work from the office as I found it more productive and convent to socialize and make connections. The team I worked in is extremely sociable and competitive thus every Thursday they organized a pade| competition which I always participated in. But as for the rest of the week, my normal working day would be that I arrive at the office and work for 8 hours and during lunch time we order food and the entire team sits together to socialize. The working tools I used were python as programming language alongside machine learning techniques, Linux command line, and lastly verification and coverage tools. As previously mentioned, a huge part of the internship was research as it was still w new idea that should still be implemented to first they provided learning resources to get familiar with the topic, then they provided a research paper that we should take as inspiration and we dissected it.  Student Career & Alumni Development Office. scad@quc.edu.eq | German University in Cairo New Cairo City - Main Entrance Al Tagampa/Al Khames; Egypt  SUC SCAD  