Activities: We started by being introduced to the network structure of the hotel; how end devices are distributed among routers and switches, how data is stored on servers and different databases used. Then we were asked to perform a simple task: we were given some requirements for a network and were asked to design the network from scratch showing the distribution of devices and the IPs assigned to them, using routers, switches, servers, and access points. After that we were asked to brainstorm how the data should be distributed among servers to serve specific requirements and which databases should we use to achieve optimal performance. Then we learned how to configure a new switch and we learned some simple commands and used them to configure a switch using a software called ‘secure CRT’. In addition to that, we took a look at the servers’ room and saw the actual servers and switches and their connections that we saw earlier on the diagrams, we were given a session about the history and evolution of servers and their different types and how this evolution affected the servers’ room in terms of space and number of servers used. We were introduced to the concept of virtualization and were asked to research more about it: how it works, how virtual machines made our life in networking better and easier, how costs were reduced after using virtual machines, etc. and after that we discussed what we found during researching. We knew how the hotel’s devices are managed using virtualization and we used ‘VMware’ to manage them which uses a hypervisor called ‘ESXI’. Furthermore, we learned about using clouds to manage and store data including virtual machines, we also were asked to research in that topic and discussed it together after that. We learned how cloud works, advantages and disadvantages of using clouds, when to use clouds, etc. We were introduced to the different security techniques used to protect the hotel’s software including firewalls, antiviruses used and security checks that should be performed, and we performed security checks for devices using VMware. In addition to that we learned about IP TVs and were asked to design an interface to TVs using VMeditor, and this interface was like an app that displays to the guest his info as bills, time left for his stay, events taking place day by day, and of course the channel list. We were asked to brainstorm how to design it to assure the best user experience to the guest. In addition to all of that, we witnessed some important events such as building a new server from scratch and we saw all the steps taken, also we witnessed moving the hotel from one network to another which includes changing all IPs of devices and configuring routers and VLANs from scratch.   Internship 