Activities: In Orion they had a very well-planned summer internship program that aims on building a prototype for a new solution they want to deliver by the beginning of next year (2023). we were a team of three trainees. We worked on building a prototype for a tool that collects data from different online retailers (eg: online shops of Carrefour, Metro, Spinneys, etc.) and display it to our clients in dashboards in an understandable and simple way to help them know more about the market and stay ahead of their competitors by the valuable data this tool provides and help them grow their businesses. Data like Assortment, stock availability and prices changes.   1       The internship duration was 2 months; the first 2 weeks were the learning/training stage where we were given very informative and intensive sessions in different subjects. First, we had 3 sessions in database architecture and how to create a master data, then we learned how to use Knime tool and solved a couple of exercises with it. Then we had a training in data analytics and creating dashboards with powerBi and I created a full dashboard to practice what I have learned. Lastly, Mr. Ahmed Ghaly (Head of Project Management and Technology Consulting) gave us an instructive Project Management training that I learned about scope definition, risk management, scrum methodology, project communication plan and how to set a project timeline. Also, I had a task to write a charter. In the third week we started working on the project. We followed agile scrum methodology throughout the 6 weeks. We had Mr. Mohamed Samy as our scrum master, who guided us through everything in the project. Also, we had a weekly meeting with Mr. Neal Afifi (The Managing Director) to keep track or our progress in the project. Furthermore, we attended meetings with potential customers who are interested in purchasing this tool when it is completed. During the 6 weeks, we planned and created a database with its master data using SQL on Microsoft SQL server. Also, we used the web-scraper tool to scrape data on daily basis, then we would clean it using knime and excel formulas. This was a very challenging part as we would encounter daily different problem in the collected data so we had to find ways to solve it. Then we would take the data we cleaned and display it in dashboards using powerbi. 