 During the internship me and my team worked on developing the new MET website to replace the old MET website. We used Figma to design the prototype of the MET website, we used YED graph editor for designing database schema, we used Visual Studio as our IDE and we used the ASP.NET framework for the MET website. Firstly, we developed two designs in Figma and I worked on designing the staff page as well as popup overlay that appears when you click on the image in the home page in design 1 and my team mates worked on design two. During the design phase I used experience from Software Engineering (CSEN603) course After that we showed approval Dr.Mervat both designs and got her approval on both. Then I worked with three of my team mates to design the SUS test on Google Forms so we can test both designs and so we can decide which one to further continue its development. Design two scored higher on the SUS test so we then went further  in its development. I then worked with my team mates to design the database and worked on  Scanned with CamScanner  converting the Enhanced Entity Relationship Diagram into a relational schema. When working with databases I used experience from Database I (CSEN 501) and Database II (CSEN 604). I then worked on the HTML and CSS code of the incubator club page that belongs to student activities in the MET website and HTML and CSS code of the staff home page. When dealing with HTML and CSS I used experience from Introduction to Media Engineering (DMET 501) course. I worked on developing the stored procedures in SQL for the actions that can be performed by the admin of the MET website, I also designed the SQL stored procedures to fetch research interests and topics of every instructor. I also designed the stored procedure for the login of instructors to the instructor's home page. In these tasks I used experience from Database I (CSEN 501) and Database II (CSEN 604) in this task. I also worked on the C# code of course home page (the course catalogue part and the course links part) as well as the C# code of how the admin adds student activities in the MET website. In  this task I used experience from Database I (CSEN 501) project.  